Most common words for this cluster:
[('window', 209), ('door', 201), ('floor', 134), ('side', 129), ('inside', 124), ('front', 120), ('wall', 103), ('windows', 70), ('glass', 68), ('amp', 60), ('stairs', 53), ('com', 43)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'sunporch', 0.6737589240074158), (u'Sliding_glass', 0.6693602204322815), (u'bed_headboard', 0.6668493747711182), (u'candle_flickers', 0.6649980545043945), (u'Rats_scurry', 0.6628051996231079), (u'doorway', 0.6613501310348511), (u'Queues_spilled', 0.6592000722885132), (u'window', 0.6569647789001465), (u'yelling_Yay', 0.6552226543426514), (u'Filing_cabinets', 0.6547859311103821)]





I still can't find my keys. 
@jeffreecuntstar  I don't have a garage.  But you can park in my driveway!
@HolyJaw all in the middle if the night. I've committed myself to installing windows 7 with boot camp but I'm already having issues 
@KellyShibari i thought i saw you there! you were walking out the door when i saw you. 
@Schofe not off the side of the bridge I hope? 
Where's my heat and grazia subscriptions? He's probably delivered them next door 
going to look for curtains. 
windows mobile doesnt allow me to write the stack pointer 
well it sunny outside..... but im stuck indoors far far away from a window  roll on dinner
Laying in bed and contemplating the meaning of life with a half empty glass that is leaking on the bottom. 
@TheEngTeacher dammit, getting to know this corner very well 
It's a new morning pulled back the curtains sunshining, birds tweeting and I'm stuck inside working  !
is annoyed with the amount of glass on dublin roads and the number of punctures I am getting 
tried to land a front flip, I couldn't do it 
Queing for the front seat on colossus paid 9 pounds for all 3 of us to jump the 2 hour queue 
The suns out and I'm stuck inside 
@waywardpilgrim If only it were that easy. The windows are locked and we're not allowed to open them. 
@thebraysmommy i hve a billion papers all over my desk. and 5 half empty cans of diet dr pepper.  come clean mine too?
I can't believe I still don't know where my keys are 
@fadingsignal when we bought the house it came with a floor safe that was locked. We were hoping for something inside but we got nothing 
apparently we have new neighbors upstairs that are making noise. 
Why are my fiber one bars in my trunk? 
I'm making  a cup of tea. It's steeping now. The dog is out on the porch.  The door is also open. I hope That not bugs come inside. 
just got back from eldridge.  had to work the gates  yuck!
is laying bloody slabs in the front garden, and I thought I could spend the weekend potting 
I seem to have lost my keys. I hope they come back to me 
@LAinGA all of that happening on my cement slab 
I've got slippy socks on and skidded off the bottom step of the stairs and twatted my knee on the wall. Waaaah 
OK...NEVER start painting a wall and NOT put on shoes you dont care about. 
Using my most recently acquired robot to clean the carpet, ..where I tracked in mud. 
fighting with layouts in wxhaskell. can't make this textCtrl fill the entire vertical space when I resize the window 
can't get this stupid table to stand up right. it keeps falling over. 
I'm sad after discovering my awesome headphones only reach as far as the toilet door, not close enough for me to do a distance wee 
@wethedan A little late since doors opened at 6 
@andrewsteeley I think it's awesome that the Yankees have been utterly embarrassed in front of that crowd that paid $200+ for seats 
@txcheesehead The tile is out but we have just barely started to paint.  
@Irish_vampire @MCRmuffin  ::faceplants on floor and cries::
I'm having violent feelings towards a bird outside my window, it won't shut up! i only want to sleep!  x
(@MatAshton) I'm having violent feelings towards a bird outside my window, it won't shut up! i only want to sleep!  x
Missed @thenaomi on the dance floor 
Waking up cold in an empty bed 
@Jtothe hmmm and my wall is up already I'm to damn hurt we have been thru so hell and back never thought he would do this! 
I just fucked up my already fucked ankle because some moron thought it was a good idea to freak me out, and I slipped on ice at my door. 
WHY  do i have a cigarette burn next to my belly button ! 
 sutil  lost both front wheels.
@drowsey000 i can't believe it's still shitting on your balcony  give it a poisonous sausage
@Tittch Can I come out of the corner yet? 
@ChiefRedbeard A beautiful view outside my window of the hotel roof....and back to dreary skies 
sat at pauls  he wont let me have a the seat  x
i gots my side of the bed all crummy 
@fnar I am on your side 
first she realises her nail has torn itself off, and then she knocks her foot against the wheel on her chair. OWWWW! 
Its beautiful outside and I'm stuck inside working 
Someone egged my bedroom window, I know who 
about to go clean my basement 
@jiggawhatjulie woke up on the wrong side of the bed 
i just ran and jumped over a chair and hit my thumb on the wall 
its dreary outside 
I have steam coming out my head, my two kids have just smashed someone front window of their house 
the ceiling at cold stone is dripping 
... on getting the roof tiles cleaned, a cracked one replaced and the eaves of the house re-done - how exciting 
I'm hungry, but all of the places I've driven by and wanted to eat at had lines out of the doors 
I need a second monitor... I can't handle managing the windows with only one 
It's so noisy and street-lit outside, but i have to keep the window open or else i'll die 
dropped a container of acrylic crystals &amp; pearls on the floor &amp; they spilled all over. not fun having to pick it all up and re-sort. 
@BylliCrayone I agree with you on the marriage to an extent, i think 20-40% youth on the streets should be in front of marriage though 
Bad news: they might have to lift my whole floor to renew this friggin' beam! Fingers crossed it ends in my hallway! 
@bmn it put a dent in my floor boards from desk height 
I've just been hiding from my window cleaner, that was interesting. He's gone nooow. Funs ovaa. 
@chantelleaustin urgh no!  still have 2 primer door/window frames, &amp; slap colour on the walls. Conked out just after 8pm lol. I'm a nana
@joelthall I'm laying on my couch just wondering what to do 
Why is it so hard to get motivated to get out the door early when you need to the most.  All I want is to go back to bed.  
When floris left the balcony I tried to jump on the fence, the ladder against it fall, I panicked, almost falling 8 floors down. I meowed 
There's a really annoying bird nested in a tree near my office window and it's making a noise like a evil dentist's drill 
too many issues with adobe audition and windows 7. had to go back to windows xp 
sharepointing, inside 
but then i lost them all in the mosh pit  i only have 2 left, haha, but it was worth it!! me and elle were so close to them, like 3rd row.
My ash tray has nothing but pennies in it.  
@KLEPONE you alreayd know and it sucks because i use to wrk in this lounge in the heights and i quit and now i find out she works there 
on the ground unconscious in front of a busted glass door. i hope he's alive! 
Watching #MissUSA 2009... god they all seem so empty inside  http://is.gd/tBSJ
@ChrisBeach I see them as half empty 
@blairerwin nah but if it does im running away. no spy window, no balcony, no 'saraula' haha 
@kudoz  ikea fail in belfast; fail in every other store as well up and down the east. I'm a tad specific..a corner desk would be great..*2
@anthonybaxter unfortunately I don't have a ladder...and I live alone! 
@noodlez - The infected could push a generator infront of the elevator door on the NoMercy level - getting you stuck in the lift 
Deliberately overslept &amp; had nightmares about bird claws hanging in webs from my bedroom ceiling 
my broken chair collapsed and i fell on the floor... again 
I feel empty inside  I don't know why
Where was I? oh yeah, the wall fixture 
@laurenbagoren23 nope! Just passing fort hall I wish 
@TRIFORCE89 I hate drawers. 
@aarthycrazy  mass com entrance 
fireworks on opposite side o bldg, can only hear n c reflected sparks 
@AlliH I was just up there last year.and they didn't have it then  I am so going to the sears tower to go out on the ledge!!!
http://twitpic.com/4e1gs - high-five to doggie sitting! Even though he's sad he's not with his owners 
I LOVE that I can now open my windows, but irked my neighbors smoke... 
My nerves are already shooting through the roof and I haven't even got there yet 
Up dressed out the door 
morning all sun shineing here in the south of the island pity its like a building site outside my front window 
So I get back home late and the freaking door inside the garage is locked lol looks like ill be sleepin on the floor on the porch 
dear god shut up drilling next door! i'm tryin to be ill here    
buildout on windows - here i come 
Spending the day hammering a wall out of my in-laws new house with a mallet &amp; chisel. The worst hangover cure I've tried yet. 
@vi_dam definitely. i wish lucas till lived next door to me 
@AntArthur im dying inside!!!  lol
the door says we are not open yet. The gates are still up but no let push on the door anyways. Ahg morning 
There was a spider on the outside of my door. I don't know where it went, though, and it's not there anymore. 
mortgage bank on sat is = to nails on a chalkboard  save me
work till noon then home to fix the hole in the floor and paint.  need to find my wallet too.
@casual_intruder I want 
Its so beautiful outside and I get to stay inside and pack 
@sugarcane11 aww  take a shot of 151 in the penis glass for me lol
Its really cold outside and i hate it!  I am really really really bored!
CRISIS! Target discontinued the wooden hangers I liked so I had 2 buy different ones. But the wood is darker TOTALLY messing up my closet 
Reinstalling his desktop machine with the window open and is hearing birds making loud noises and fighting... closes window again 
- I've mopped myself into a corner. 
Were only big enough for a full size mattress...I have a queen! 
safari is being so retarded. there is one window open that won't respond so i have to have two windows open all the time. 
The adjacent apartment bldg just got struck by lightning. I don't like lightning, folks. I almost let a turd fly when it hit. 
@carsonjdaly I have an old fashioned rocking chair from my grammy, but no porch.  hopefully next year.
@pillbox0 you suck 
@wendiegoneferal leave the balcony and come to grainey's. We miss you. 
@joanteh I'm in vip row ii 52 right side. We're so far from each other 
Hoodlums ripped the red and white fire hydrant pole out from my nature strip.  I hate vandals. 
holding on your rope got me ten feet off the ground 
But on the dark side, the fringe is looking ugly..  
any1 got long arms or a slegde hammer lol my smoke alarms been f*kin beepin since thurs  drivin me nuts haha
@slyviiaa it just took me 45 minutes to put the tent up by myself. 
@houzhou  oooh and unfortunately Soodhun wasn't in front of you 
I lost my keys and I can't find them  http://twitpic.com/4ffuw
 can I go and sit in my own little corner
@br0nnie I threw my teddy against the wall a couple of times. I feel better, but i dont think she does 
In a black hole 
up way too early...birds chillin on the window unit...sounds like they r tryin to come inside...i don't like birds 
ouch i stood on a long pin, it was straight up into my foot!  And i blew up the wall paper steamer...woops! It's not even mine!
working inside 
@MrNutt I must confess I rather let the side down there 
Owwwwwwwwww! I just walked into yet another door frame!Ahhh...it kills! :'( 
norwich are relegated :'( it hurts deep inside 
@emily0418 :o i didn't sorry  but dougie pointed at my glowstick  we were quite close to the front, if you had bebo, i'd show you
@ganann well doh, but somehow i don't mind.  then again, i'm not in midtown yet 
Just dropped one of our nice handmade bowls from about 4 inches above the floor...and it shattered 
A young fox jumped in front of my car, smashed a light, broke the front grill and died, leaving me with a hefty bill and a heavy heart. 
uggggh, wings 
I just ran into the door 
@RobbieHorlick  tree feel on the house and most of the windows are broken.our dog stepped on some glass and cut up her paw. 
oh great, I just broke anothwr piece of the cage. at this rate, four cleanings till I have to buy a new cage for cicer and morgan 
had that nightmare again where i wake up and my ceiling is covered in spiders, and i have to run through them to get to the door.  
@zacksback you're not a snow bird though, right? We have awesome neighbors across the street. I wish they would stick around 
@jensechu I opened a window in the bathroom, because it smelled 
http://twitpic.com/4j6yy - Lieing in bed. The shadow on the wall makes it look like a jail cell 
I just spat a nasty loogie out my window, only to find out my window wasn't down. 
@Fukuzai It fell in because there was a leak that ran through the building. It made it weak. 
@matthewmoloney sounds good,we were hoping to have a bbq looking out the window we've got no chance 
@xtopgunx i'm not even sleeping, fgt.. i'd come cuddle with you, but you locked the door. 
&quot;glow. melt &amp; flow. eviscerate your fragile frame &amp; spill it out on ragged floor. a thousand different versions of yourself.&quot; come cuddle 
I feel like ive been hit by a tonne of bricks. really upset all of a sudden. 
@caitlin6694 i remember when you couldn't see any space with all the posters! i might just take it all down. but then it will look empty 
hit my head pretty hard, who makes doors with a height of 2 meters only? 
@McLego I want blocks. 
just locked himself out, scaled a 6 foot wall,very ninja like,  onto the patio, got the door open just to find he still had no keys 
@Thinush dudeee!! you aren't following me! I'm hurt  i shall go and cry in a corner now :'(
It's raining. I'm stuck inside again. 
@aznkiiim sad i didn't see you  i'm literally CONVINCED that tent was a phantom.
I'm really tired and have to put entire contents of kitchen back into kitchen from balcony (fumigation)when I get home. And go to the gym 
outsides so cold!! 
@GrahamColton wrong side of the countryyy 
lava lounge for @talistonti 's going away partay. 
@aries33007 yes but The passenger door got dented badly and the customers are furious 
noooooooooooooooooo not the wall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  #99 #nascar
oopsie ...  just dropped one of the knives from the knife block down behind the stove  
just finished putting together my last piece of furniture. A piece is on upside down and I cut my arm. 
Has to pee with the door open because she's frightened. 
@tony_almeida - you had the gun pulled before they came up.  #24
@Aellai13 i know  they shall go die in a hole together 
@mariedigby I loved the warehouse &amp; tower records! Its a shame 
Out 57th paying 45  button moved in for 15 big blinds, I called from the big blind with 88 for my last 9 big blinds, he showed tens 
I'm so sad  my once beautiful lucious side burns are no more :'(
And that would be @JinOhChoi , damn twitter not putting spaces where there should be spaces 
4C, feels like 0C (inside &amp; out) and watching the gdn disapear under water 
found a timber floor we both love, then ask where it comes from - Brazilian rainforest 
@ladycameo yeahh.. its kinda sketch. we've been sitting on the floor in a lobby because its too cold out and we dont know what to do yet 
staring at a spider on the ceiling that i can't reach. 
i didn't realise my @DavidArchie poster was i have had to resort my walls haha off to revise again 
Just caught my reflection in the glass! I have f*ckin bingo wings!  better get down the gym!
i'm not impresed with the bbq smell coming through my window  bleuch!
Wow, totally hitting the wall here, so much for not being THAT hungover 
@adamlangley if only i could aim for them without hitting my car lol. They use the window ledge on door as their perch! shit everywhere! 
possums are making weird noises outside my window . . . 
I'm in a rather melancholic mood; nothing ever happen in my life  It's dull and boring. I just want to find a rabbit hole or a magic door.
 I just busted my ass in the kitchen and I'm wearin flats....grr stupid floor
grampys downstairs painting over our memory wall 
There's a spider on my ceiling that I can't reach  it must DIE
Chirping birds outside my bedroom window have kept me up since 6:30. 
@thomasoldham people did notice. The plate got stuck between the two apertures so they only got a sliver of image. 43 guest passes down 
Just flicked floor cleaner into my coffee  After thorough consideration the negatives outweighed the positives and I didn't finish it.
The window is open, but it's still hot as hell 
I slipped and fell so hard on the tile floor at work, I think I broke my butt. Ouchhhh 
my elbows hurt.. and will probably hurt for the next couple of days   that's what you get for leaning on them on carpet floor too long..
Awkwardly staring at the floor while @parachutesharks and @charades leave me alone with awkwardness 
@CandiceKei like i want him to be as successful as possible but the higher up the ladder he gets the farther away from us...  fml
@BigMacBrisbane But the goanna lounge lacks a computer, bawwwwwww! I'm too sick to drag my butt to that side of the campus 
i need to find a second job... light saber fighting, lego building, paper plane making and snacking doesn't pay enough to live on. 
Staring at the walls 
@hadenmaiden Actually I'd just dumped myself on the floor 
empty bed= 
No seat 
My keys are lost in an elevator shaft......... 
Yay, a thunderstorm outside my bedroom window. I'm terrified now 
I miss my own pillow...and my own H; one drawback of traveling solo 
windows 95 bluescreen  i bought the operating system about one week ago, it doesn't work anymore. i'm consused cause i've got 14 mb ram
http://twitpic.com/55afn - don't know why i'm sideways  can't fix it...
@lloydi tried and failed - transpires grout is the one surface duct tape will not maintain adhesion to 
OH GLOBBITS! I don't think its good to have smoke pouring off the clutch! 
Only 10 left in my building 
Eating quickly+chasing brother around apt=pukies for omlet and carpet cleaning for me 
left my living room window open last night.  window faces south + storm with south wind = soggy carpet by the window 
windows 7 problem fixed, i had to install windows 7000 instead of 7100  anyway, looking good so far 
Stressed out about having to take down his loft soon 
I think I woke up on the wrong side of the bed 
sitting on traceys floor with kelly 
@rumpledoodles lift doors, I can deal with. What's scarier are fingers getting caught in a door frame. 
@kimberlyarnold Seriously thinking about working from home, but then I'll have to listen to my basement sump pit pump run every so often. 
sitting in front of a lovely fire,chillin,b4 I have to go to work! 
There's a bat flying around inside the hotel bar. I feel sorry for it. 
Some teenagers played a prank and dumped maple syrup all over our front door, porch, driveway. It took us over one hour to clean up. 
forgot to put sheets on foam matress. guess it's sleep on wooden floor night...  http://twitpic.com/5cb7y
My side is killing me 
It's the middle of may. I shouldn't have my heater on full blast 
Talking to a brick wall *sigh* lost for words 
very disturbed that brothers can own the dance floor, their culture illuminates, yet they are asked to wear their hat straight forward 
Why is it always an oven in my room? Downstairs it's so cool  
nd the worst..no net..no tube light wrkng in the low voltage phase..nd sleep deprived eyes...nd a cell switched off due to no battery  x(
@Trobo1 all the disgusting stuff is stuck to the kitchen floor and every bench/table 
I just had a layer to solve on my rubix cube but then I accidentally messed it all up. 
@MichaelCox our back gate was open, the wheelie bin moved, the shed door was wide open and inside all the cupboards and drawers were open 
i've broke the house (literally) a light bulb exploded next to me and a glass fell an inch from my head and hurted my foot. 
the rain is belting on the roof of the reading room ....its very distracting 
I've grown to love my huge bedroom mirror @naomiserene @wayne_elise @flipsays I just found out theres no way my wall will support it 
@ScottMixter You suck lol. Just waiting on them at new flat. No parking for them though! 
Oh i'm so swollen... I'm plonked on the sofa under orders not to move 
@thomasraukamp are you crying deep down inside? I would be  I always assumed they let you keep the gear!
@Aprilknob glad u had fun; out the door I go still feeling blah though...stupid womanhood 
i have to redo my whole chameleon tank... discoverd mold underneath the branches...this is bad...i get the chameleon on tuesday 
@bibs4drips the humidity makes me sicker  so I am sitting here, stuck in front of a fan and a/c is blasting
The escalators making funny noises &amp; i dont trust it  x
watching flames thingies.  i miss my boyssss
there is a small bird outside on my deck right now! It is so cute but just hit the window! 
 So sad @chp97 And now we wait &amp; see if the elevator door closes &amp; one or both are saved or stay in Dennyville ;)
having visions of the beach &amp; its shenanigans while I'm stuck inside the casino 
@jenelled_ti 11 to 5, what about you? its hot  I wish we were neighbors with a removable wall.
lawnmower stops working 2/3 of the way through mowing the front yard.  Now the yard looks even crappier than before. 
I just took a ton of recycling to kroger and this man came up to help me and totally dumped my recycling container in the dumpster. 
i really wish i could jog inside 
@phillina  we can ignore the 'fireworks' but it's a wrap if i had babies around....[we ignored it at shelby street grill lol but not]
http://twitpic.com/5djx4 - The pile of marking that stands between me and bed 
@TemujinScott aww im sorry   hopefully u will still have fun while yr here...if ur in manhattan there's a street fair on upper west side..
some jerkface put a wad of gum on our door handle! 
I lost my keys... I have looked everywhere! 
 i fell down the stairs again... i officially hate curvy staircases. they're nothing but bad news.
i can't find my keys anywhere 
I still can't find my keys. 
i miss my couch 
@anaz sorry we missed 2nd half. Kidlet hurt himself on rough edge of chain link fence at back of bleachers and needed to leave 
@shelliwazzu  open a window!
can't find my keys 
gun shots down the block 
@weedoutofthepot (walks down to shop floor) 
wall-e + bedtime 
Finally my windows laptop has conked off 
@T_MEEE  how did the screen crack ?
Typical monday, tried to close the window in the bathroom and the window falls out? :S had to patch it up with a bin bag 
@verwon not unless you want me to leave the loft 
owww...i just bumped my elbow on the corner of my desk 
oh the pleasures of walking into the side of the wall. 
@WorldofRusty me too. sometimes I sing with the windows down 
my banana snapped and fell on the floor 
you're scaring me @austin_irl i dont like this side of you  *whimpers in corner*k
@patriciaco I just had a poster of him mounted, so I can post it on my wall! I can't believe he's still not tweeting us. 
i am back from stoke, pip/rob had puked on the living room floor this morning  it looked like cat food, and rob is vegan, so probably pip.
@TEAMTaiwo It just wouldn't be the same. It cuts like a knife 
@whysogreen i wish i had power windows and central locking  oh well will have to stick with the winder 
@sshreyas i pulled up my blinds ...couldn open the window coz of the air con  and no luxury of a balcony in office  
The blinking heating in work is on full blast...the side of my face near to the radiator feels like it has been repeatedly smacked 
iPhone is partially broken.  There's a gap between the front &amp; back case on upper left side, &amp; the silence on/off slider doesn't work.
Haha @TheresaRockFace i totally woke up on my couch clutching a half empty bottle of heinekin...spilled some too 
@lilyroseallen had one crawl inside my dressing gown while i was wearing it, had to strip to get the thing out while it stung me 
the floor isnt so comfy once your sober 
@Geeno33 *stands in corner* 
exam wasn't too bad, glad its over, although now I have to go to estate agents about the hole in the wall 
Not on 2 wheels today.  All prepared, opened garage door, and what seemed like a monsoon started.  
going to buy new cloths...its only 9 and like 110 degrees out side...   
I think that having garage sales are good but having to sift through the years of junk in the basement is making me sneeze 
Is in misery. It's too hot to sleep and the pollen is killing me. But I can't shut the window because it's too hot 
@JaymeRoss i want to be on the towel beside you.  but, im not 
nice start in the morning, dead mouse in front of my window.  thx leon (office cat), i know now that you really don't like me
i cannot find my windows laptop! 
@wings_butterfly  
@sweetkisses277 lol it's nice out so i thought i'd come sit outside.. the screen shows up good in the dark. also.. i have a belly pooch 2 
19% battery ahhhh going to have to go inside soon 
@dantyte i always wanted the crest from the top of the grandstand or a crash barrier from the bob bank. neither of those on sale 
@stevyncolgan  not the dungeon again...you could always set the fire alarm off ;)
I fell up the stairs. 
 can't ever find parking
@karenneves they always sit in front of me too, or even worse next to me. 
@parisian heart: no but i used to work next door to their offices in cobalt when i worked at accuread. got made redundant though which is 
There is a huge hornet outside my window. 
There's a spider on my ceiling 
stupid fire alarms :@ slightest smoke and the beep at me! my cookings not that bad 
Peeps with opened, loaded trucks should megatie their load, I almost got hit by a huge plank of metal. 
Has time speeded up? It's almost 2pm and I've still got stacks to do 
@e_stalker is demanding i parade past window again, so @waywho can get a look. i feel so, so dirty &amp; cheap. i may as well be on M&amp;S shelf 
@beckerdoodle. People are so ballsy. She did it right in front of the front window. Then literally ran. 
Wanting to shoot rubber bands over my cubicle wall, but it's just not the same anymore... 
@eveebeevie ur telling me! So unfair we r stuck in offices staring out the window into a parking lot-no blue water 
I'm awake dressed and out the door but i'm not very happy about it!!   
@SkullsOnStuff the windows don't open 
a bird just flew into my window. 
For inanmate objects. i dunnp why. but that plate was my favorote plate. poor little thing.       
I just jammed my finger on the bathroom stall door 
I have a foot heater under my desk that is giving me hotflashes, and I can't seem to turn it off. 
It just cost me 4.10 for a jack and coke at 3.30 in the aft wtf 
I just can't take the circle of life...something tore apart the baby crab in the office fish tank  I only see one claw and an antennae
I can't stop looking out the window, hoping to see her somewhere out there, hoping to see her running back 
@Lynerd ohhh okay.  It's amazing how the school building reflects sound right to us.  It sounds like it's coming in every single window. 
@jercx Apparently d window was left open &amp;a portion of d screen was torn alreD.&amp; ts raining,so I guess deyre moving out 2 higher grounds. 
@brittanystreet I do need the bumpers!! 
It's gone all drizzerable outside 
@anniejustsaid ahah i know i was going crazy trying to find it. my walls are blue so its so hard to see  lol
sitting in front of an open window, reading frankenstein... I is cold  xx
There is a mini parked just below my window, and it's not mine 
I am staring at the three parts of my lap top cord that should be two parts and crying a little inside. and updating on the desk top. 
@bdashrad it was so cold i threw it on the floor 
walk up on the wrong side of the pillow 
@AmyErika living in the hood 
i wish my daily booth worked 
@foxraven No corkscrew 
is ready for the fence to be fixed. 
@leolobato so I'm runnin windows 7 x64, &amp; the tracks don't play in blipster  they say they are, but the little marker just sits there
the area on my upper lip is really irritated... 
@theHiLife the federal building cafeteria, and yea I am 
@jeremycowart ugh, I wish, my dog has destroyed the wall around every door of every apartment I have ever lived in!!! 
@tanenbaum omgsh i have the same prob!!! except its in the thigh area...in the front....cus my thighs are chunky... 
I WISH we had this much space in our 5th grade classrooms  Barely enough room for the desks http://twitpic.com.. http://tinyurl.com/n749re
it was a tiny piece of glass. hurt to ply it out! 
i walked in the door and there were no barking sounds 
So much fun playing beach volleyball, but I got a piece of glass stuck in the bottom of my foot. 
I want to eat langsat corner's noodle 
@xoshayzers i know  i'm trying to find the bright side, but i can't help to think that he won't be there anymore.
@seemouserun so I tried jumping without the trampoline and its like thud* thud*  shouldn't have eaten that cookie.  http://myloc.me/1XIz
I'm a genius  put rug in washing machine, left folding door half open, machine moved now door won't close or open. shaking head.
i wish i had more chicken wings 
Its chilly n lonley n this livingroom 
looking out window is depressing it is so beautiful out and I am in here 
Finding it hard to stay productive now the sun is coming through my side of the building 
getting bored of walking up and down the stairs 
deck building buddy missing in action 
back to my office.  the fire alarm went off due to someone burnt food in microwave 
@lishreece She has her perfect moments. She just broke one of the tiles on the floor in the hallway. I don't find her very perfect now. 
@faulko1 i'm watchign the garden from the window...far too hot for me 
@glamorousamanda I wish i could have a pole, we got no space for it  maybe i should throw out some furniture and get a pole
I want my real keys back 
sooooo, i just dropped my phone.  don't text or tweet me, i'm currently banging my face against a spike covered poison ivy infested wall.
So many wires to sort out 
Fuccin bacc hurts now. Just dragged the long blocc on a piece of wood. From the corner to in my garage. 
is hurt and upset and trying to smile when i feel broken inside 
@gracetanglefoot what? You won't be two blocks away any more? 
Oh snap!  Just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades.  
(@gbsinkers) Oh snap!  Just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades.  
sooo tired of this cubicle 
cart path only 
moving 11 blocks up the street. goodbye hardwood floors 
You know your neck is jacked up when you are forced to pay for parking bc you can't turn you head to parallel park in the free spaces... 
a female robin just flew into my window and I watched her die in my bushes...  i think i am going to cry now...  
@thetastydactyls  did you try the coat-hanger trick?
is stuck inside when its so nice outside 
Oh noes! The TV is broken  No red standby light or anything... checked the plug fuse... now to the inside 
the low point: a poor pigeon outside my building isn't capable of flying. It's just wandering up and down the sidewalk. so sad 
@randazzled my phne blocks text 
fell on the sidewalk in harvard square.  stupid cobblestones!  now my hand hurts 
In denial about the moving van parked a few blocks away.  
Without wings again 
#thingsmummysaid...rollercoasters are only multi-storey car parks without walls.  
28deg C in here, all this tech in my room does have the major downside of a lot of heat, doesn't help its hot outside 2 
It was sunny when I entered the sub-basement.  Now it's raining.  
i have so much homework  i think i am going to hide in a corner and cry.
@BitterTea ugh but they are so unattractive! u might as well drink from a regular glass. i really dont like them 
i cant find my keys 
My radiator boiled out 
@ShaunCallahan wowzers! thanks! bang bang misses you on the dance floor 
No more chairs   http://twitpic.com/67mnz
because it is too hot i am sleeping with the window open. just means all the noise will make me up early 
@hoperana nigel really enjoyed it, but he's got a big scratch on his side that inexplicably appeared afterwards... 
Is helping out at church pianos +stairs+gravity= heavy 
@fifleaona I work in a room in the middle of the office, thus no windows. We call it the programmer cave, I  can only imagine the sky. 
Really big spider on the floor two metres away from me  am actually a little scared.
Just chillin' in pjs after a short, but long week - why is someone continually knocking at my door? 
about to start my least favourite chore.... mopping the floor 
it's too beautiful to stay inside 
D'oh...forgot the ferry turns around before going. So much for sitting in the sun. And the other side deck is closed. 
brother's back!! &amp;&amp; i found this really small dead bird on my deck  so sad, i basically cried.
SATS  what the its just around the corner.
Sitting at the bar by my lonesome 
building it on no gno for me  so hurtful
just jumped 2 fences with shovel in hand chasing a 6pm raccoon who tried to eat my new chickens right in front of my face! he got away 
Lovely! just got a big chip in my windshield while driving on the freeway! 
Yay 80's hair metal cover band playing in the bar by the plaza downtown 
@RobinTaylorRoth 2,000,000 sq. ft building now totally empty.  
we're trying to get the fire in our pit going but the wood must be wet  very slow process - i am starting to fall asleep waiting
whilst reversing into the weird double-decker parking spots just now I banged into the railing. It made an awful sound  #geekcamp
I feel all empty inside without my lily 
@nicholepfeffer i got some duct tape 
@ChefVanda I would like to tweet you but I feel unworthy since I cook with a fire extinguisher near by and I actually use it weekly. 
I love sleepin on my couch. 
 so sad so sad. I at jux standing against the wall. I wana jive
@Lesliemoon its beyond long! it pretty much goes around a whole block  fml.
Last evening, standing by the door on the train, I realized &quot;I don't have the capacity to love, anymore&quot; 
@verysilly they could only book a limited size for the table and it's all taken up  sorry!
Just fell down the last couple of stairs of my basement... Ouchh 
men are down stairs putting in new floor...with hammers...they started at 8am 
I'm no longer in a bed, there was a spider. I'm now downstairs, on the ground. 
i was bored so i tryed to poke a hole through the wall with my pencil and it broke 
tiiiiired, got woke up early by builders next door 
Just broke his kirk glass. 
All my good intentions - out the window!! got up early to cut the grass before it gets too hot - flat battery on mower! 
My plan for a long lie in has been ruined by door slamming and lots of alarms going off. Not a happy bunny 
@junkymailer it sure does!! sadly dont have any other option in this bldg 
My 10 y/0 arthritic dog is terrified by the new hardwood stairs.. slip-slid up, but refused to go past the landing turn and peed herself. 
i want a new i-pod 
@KatiePunter I lent back, put my foot out as a counterweight and it slid up the sharp broken edge of my mirror.  why do I deserve it??
Parked on the M1 on the hottest day of the year 
They are putting the new roof on...yay...not Its so loud 
@gothwalk Normally I stand legs well apart to keep back straight, just not possible at this sink  I ever buy a place, custom height sink.
Anyone have any idea how to clean windows and doors that have all those little individual panes (pains)?  I am making a mess. 
I still aint got in the chair yet. Prolly go miss one tree hill at 9 too 
@irishmel21 Looks like their installing pipe...of course it's directly in front of my driveway.  I'm so annoyed the didn't tell us!
I've got a little crush on the guy who sells fruit in the street.  He's so cute! But his pineapples are on the bitter side 
@toptiddles  I feel like such a knob now cos I never got to the bookies 
@soundzdj kids are doing the trampoline next door and we have a slip and slide for later....weeha. I want to play 
I think my current hard drive knows of the replacement that sits in a box on the desk...it is making loud noises 
is tired of looking at his shattered glass stove top. 
@angiefabulous That makes me a little sad inside 
Tossed couch over balcony, dragged to dumpster 
neighbor cut his grass at 9:30 last night. had all my windows open w/ a fan pulling in cool air and grass dust, so now I feel horrible 
@lindsayking so still haven't found my keys 
@jmaskell my paper was just flying everywhere so I had to come inside 
@Emily_TeamJodie lol, i havent been out side yet, everyones busy  x
There is a really loud annoying bird outside my window. 
I just walked past $10 on the sidewalk and didn't see it... 
@michaelskolnik a shelf of glass dishes fell on me and my foot was fairly severly injured. Lots of stitches. 
I really don't feel well!    but really wanted 2 go to Greigs bbq!
@stonermc No, it's the actual tape inside. 
feeling empty 
OUCH! I have a dented head after it meeting the edge of a door-frame 
@Splend But I just got to an elevator shaft which I need rope to get down! I have no rope 
need to go put up a electric fence.  
There is some sort of bungee apparatus in front of my store. I so want to use it!  But kids only 
NO. oh no. went to throw knickers into washing basket &amp; they went straight out of my bedroom window. mortified. glad they weren't new 
@daubers Sure, but it's another hoop to to jump through 
@_scene_queen_ awww 
About to clean under my bed...that's scary, it's pretty much a black hole.  
@chrisspurgeon if you're referring to up, I don't think we'd make it through the first scene 
@kevinlunt  I didn't but apparently she either works there or next door. I thinks she assumed I lived here and would be back.
trouble on the front straightaway! my spf 60 is loose loose loose ie ifm burning 
my computer chair has officially died, i just made andrew chuck it into the dumpster. ugh dining chair hurts my bum 
@branden3112 mehhh. I might redo it. the fence looks all curvy too 
can't find his hole 
@mitchvdb locked the bathroom door while he's showering. I can't come visit him in there 
@cassi_hl @fancypance me too...instead I get loud people who scream and smoke in the hallway... 
staircase 1...me 0 ....Owwwww. 
@Larrylax and you was supposed to hit me up when you got to my hood!!! 
light on, window open = at least a bazillion flying bugs around my screen 
Just cut my foot on a mystery object in the carpet 
@tinyvamp If you don't see two screws on your side, then screws only where door meets frame.  no shame in callinf for help
soooo glooomy outside 
@doubleforte I called them at 8:30 am and forced someone to come to my house and unbolt the pod within 15 minutes. Sleeeepy 
@Dcln why you been stuck inside? 
hoping i don't have to run for the basement. 
ugh, that dude came back from getting something to finish doing the security screen door. i fing want my house back already! 
Oh nose  me&amp;sistaaar broke the garage door! AHAH. But we're gunna keep it on the lowkeyy until my mom finds out for herself! ;)
finally finished the yard. now to be bored. 
@maureenpetron awwww. I thought about that after I got so angry looking for a parking spot for 20 min. Then I got sad 
I just pulled the big heavy metal store gate right onto my shoulder  ouch charlie!
I just stabbed myself with glass. Now I'm bleeding 
i need u by my side 
i hate the red wings 
@antiquities thanks  he's almost 8 years old&amp;he hardly eats. he mostly just lies on the floor&amp;we snuggle him up with a fluffy towel.
arghhh i cant see short stack no more 
@ShannonRenee wings 
just tried to make some jewelry out of shotgun shells and broke my hole puncher 
 i just had a bug crawling on my leg. it scared me. but now its in a water bottle i found on my floor. hopefully it doesnt find a way out!
Finishing final touches on the last three paintings, and than its off to clean the garage 
@kennypistol jus broke another glass piece. some of us are jus not meant to have glass 
Sitting on the roof of an undisclosed location. I can't believe they put a chainlink fence around our spot 
tried to stick around outside the stage door to get his autograph but was told that he had already left out a side door 
@monnie so... when are you coming to clean our windows? 
@tiffanieANN who was i at the table? 
@aimeeEcho no parking 
I feel bad for these seniors at GKHS - their admin handcuffed me and I went from packed dance floor to nothing 
Trying a workaround, but I don't have any hopes of windows 7 
@sickathanavg this is kind of an old folks &amp; hood rats production.   we are hiding out in the back room w/ the photographers now.
no sleep knocks my door  buttons and butterflies
I wish @nicoletalisse lived 4 blocks away again  I miss my littlefoot.
@ExocetAU It doesn't do tabbed chat windows 
i was doing so well at brick breaker and then just lost it all!!  beat my high score though.
The tent is spinning 
Ahh i stubbed my toe on my dresser AND almost fell off the stairs bc i was halfway up the flight before i realized the light wasnt on 
i hit my finger on my closet door and now it's looking all blue and purple...and it hurts really bad too 
Its empty 
typical, i'm starting to hear neighbours opening windows, my peace will soon be shattered. 
I just dropped so much water on my kitchen floor. 
@DjStibs upstairs on the table but we looked everywhere already 
Ahhhhhhhhhh! I dropped my printer on the driveway! It's dead. 
@poptartrockstar i understand  i wanted these cuteass penguin vans &amp; they were in size 9. extremely tempted to buy &amp; stuff tissue up front
@NathanaelB getting the pipes thru the walls etc will be exe. repairing the walls afterwards will prob be most expensive part 
Laying on my couch trying to sober up 
@JenStewartPhoto I know... I'm a little dead inside. 
A cat followed me inside my apartment building and up the stairs and sat down outside my door. He is now meowing at me from outside 
 my washing machine door is not opening and broken/stuck!!! if anybody knows secret art of opening the door....without breaking it.....???
 stripping walls todayy
The hang over started at 4  passed out on anthonys bathroom floor
Is stuck inside working 
In exhib hall, no outside light. it could be snowing outside, but I know it's not! 
its so sunny, and i'm stuck inside really ill 
my foreheads on fire. 
@Geanieinpink actually it was one of the frames I sold.  
There's a video doing the rounds of a guy standing on the roof of a train and grabbing the live wire. Not pleasant 
well blech my lovely walk went out the window, the hubby has ideas for me to help him inside instead  meanie
So here I go still scratching around in the same old hole 
Sunbathing in the yard wishing i wasn't alone 
Just got my finger caught in a door, fell over a shoe rack, and got cut on my blinds opening the window 
@frannington  I really needed to take all my Pipettes bits and pieces down from my wall a long time ago.
@aikku Me too  and wtf I'm in the basement, I shouldn't hear them like they're right over me 
@msawful i know, depressing  but at least you get to work with your climbing frame on top of a climbing frame!
@msawful i know, depressing  but at least you get to work with your climbing frame on top of a climbing frame!
Its surreal to wake up and look out the window and see the street where my truck should be. 
back home #istanbul. this dragging my suitcase on wheels through town, i hate it, and then my steep street + the stairs in my building 
especially when it's so sunny outisde and have no-one to enjoy it with 
I love looking out my bedroom window at the beautiful ocean, but on Sundays it's sad since I have to leave  At least there's next weekend
@crazytwism am so sorry! left the desk and went to pick up a frnd.. my bad.. 
There was a pretty bird outside my window just now, singing, he didn't stick around long enough to take a pic though 
@cincincintya didn't realise the glass thing was going to be so hot so just touched it  there is a tiny blister now eeps
My nano fell on the floor and the screen got scratched 
ahhh its to flipping hot! door open stilll boiling. im like baked 
was feeling pretty good-but not now  On a plus side, I have rescued my beloved lawn chair from my landlord, who decided it was garbage.
I almost had a turkey on the last frame. All but one pin fell down. 
next door neighbour weirdos are out in the garden, forcing me to come inside  i hope they go back in before the sun goes cold ):
There seems to be water all over my kitchen floor and it's coming from the ceiling. A great big hole in the ceiling 
@Haarlz is threatening me!!! Apparently a hitman is going to throw a 6/7ft mirror at me 
@rickedwards1 Anytime, at least you could go out, i'm stuck inside with broken toes + revision.  
@helenabrito I sowee I didn't hear the front door  I make you key B
@michaelleung killing floor was very scary for me.  http://ff.im/3r8ci
@glorysevenfold thankyou O.O ive gone inside nowww. i hate all the spiders 
@SLHamilton I assume you're talking about my clothesline? We'll see how this works. It's sooo low to the ground now. 
Really wants cold stone, and it's so close but i'm working 
mulching in the yard! so excited 
I've been stripping!!! wallpaper that is, and painting  why do i always end up with more on me than on the walls?
i broke the glass on my door. all i did was knock on the door, and the glass shattered....now i have to pay for this shit. 
Sitting on my stairs again... What's wrong with me? 
Should be in a beer garden somewhere or walking the mutt not in work  keep looking out the window wanting to be freeee
Snuggled on the couch watching one tree hill. I feel like poo 
It pisses me off how I can only get to level 5 on brick breaker 
I can't find a magnifying glass 
i'm working on the panera front porch, i need more iced tea, and there're two sketchmasters sitting next to me so i can't run inside... 
spent most of the day scraping and staining my barn (not fun) and finding out from my contracter that a section of roof needs replacing 
The red caboose is closed!!!  They used to give me a sucker when i would take the check to the counter
a bird just flew into the window, i think it died 
It is so hot in my bedroom. I want to open my window but then all the flies will come in  aaaaaarrrgghhh
Ugh! Its too pretty outside to be cleanin inside 
Me and @hjolee just finished trying to change my windshield wiperblades...it was pitiful..and we still didn't get them changed 
@ArchisM  u nd2afix sm wooden boundaries in ur bed...falls r bad...I jst fell dwn a flight of stairs...I knw 
@thedinnerlady I love it when I dont have to work in it  still the light evenings are priceless,still got door open now
I look like someone took a side lit photo of me. with deep red shadows. not good 
6.5 hrs left still to drive...   brighter side -&gt; I have a samuri sword and half a bottle of patron in my trunk! 
Always a problem when the dance floor is in a seperate area from the bar, a hundred folk in the bar, 10 dancing 
@muffinssah somewhere in my doorway.  I slammed the door open and it took my toenail with it. I had just fucking painted them!
@mexiana_76 can.. but no red carpet.. 
@ericjgruber My bedroom and headboard are the adjacent wall from where the nest is at. I don't want baby birds waking me up at 5am 
I am both happy and sad i could do the splits  now my balls can drop down and sweep the floor wit it!
someone come shut my window for me. it hurts my arms to reach up 
@madeinkowloon you're meant to be on my side... 
wacked my toe against the window in the middle of the last nite....not a good idea 
The non creepy fix it guy hung a new kitchen door...and made a fine mess!  And i hate the door i miss my old door. 
holy shit they finally moved that couch that's been sitting in front of my window for like a year 
Unfortunately, we're selling the locker too 
why is it that when i chew on a gumball, it severely hurts my left temple ?! 
just finished weeding and transplanting in my front yard.  UGGGGG! 
In the corner 
Missing US airways...I would be sitting up front right now 
@cocosworld I just fell off my chair at the thought of your naked workouts! Then when I got up off the floor I saw you were only joking! 
Out on a walk and my pop bottle hiss'd at me which I then proceeded to scream 
wtf! why rob isnt doing the carpet, hes mean 
@heyalexandraa i dropped it on the wood floor  the lens wouldnt close, but we popped it back in now it wont open
@twilightscoops just read that rob declined red carpet interviews... 
Mowing the yard is not fun in the dark... 
@SabrinaBryan i me and my other friends broke an elevator by jumping and one was so scared of elevators she was crying i felt bad 
I'm just getting to sleep and there are birds chirping outside my window. Gtf! 
@kodyy that was red carpet 
I hate this scene 
i laugh but i'm crying on the inside.   
@ChellaD11 I'm crying on the inside 
how sad walking by everyone's rooms and seeing empty walls 
And to top it off a spider has darted across my bedroom floor and i'm almost scared to try and sleep. 
@allimendiola i miss you sister! &lt;3 i eat this young coconut in your honor. there will be an empty hole in my heart and on my floor. 
My smoke has a hole in it 
WTF middlesbro tower closed for flood? (giggles) 8th floor above my office? (stops giggling) don't have laptop can't work outside 
@Killandra ok i did read the one that was up on my screen when i got up - u guys talked about cards, postcards &amp; clocks - no vista here 
@alpew Where did you go?  I've no boat, only 3 Kayaks.... but need to get out them too soon !  Haven't got a roof rack at the mo 
Laying in bed, Menace is outside the bedroom door whining causw he normally sleeps with me. I feel horrible 
my creative corner's not working... 
@calvinharris oh my gosh same here :/ there were construction workers yelling outside my window at 7, i wanted to scream at them 
I wish I could fit completely on the windowsill still. 
@alicephilippa I'm afraid @shinydan has left the building - you will have to make your own 
@sprinkles_ nearly, it's all crumbled inside not going to last much longer 
third pair of headphones torn apart after chaotic fiddle east 
@JSu2 the ghost in my closet... check if it's still in there.. she keeps telling me to play with her 
Sitting inside looking longingly at the small squre that is the outside world...it's sunny there. 
@AikidoMAC a kid in class had great ukemi on the mat but not off it - smashed his front teeth when he tripped over a small wall  #aikido
@Hattifur hahaa..i definitely  should...but i couldn't get to the kitchen area though, too many tables in front of me 
Plans out of the window today after mini incident involving bucket with dodgy handle, several litres of water, carpet &amp; lamenate floor 
@VanceStudios I hear ya! Mondays should be banned, as should cubicle farms! I hope you have a window at least - I am in the basement 
@Lopsi sitting inside my office, air con on full blast in a shirt and tie. You win. 
@madlawstudent lol AW   *sniff* ... ill just stick to my side of the pond...
@MrsPBoutique  @oedipus_lex I can see a roof and a wall from my office window 
given up on sorting my room, I've run out of shelves!! my hayfever is getting to me, hiding inside 
@libbyoliver We can open windows but theres no breeze coming in. or if there is its not reaching me. i am 2 desks away frm window. 
I kicked up a rock with the weedeater last night and shattered the sliding glass door. That's going to be expensive  #fb
mehhhhhhhh huge spider on the wall 
For all those who wished the dodge charger were a 2 door. 
brother hit my tear fountain with a ping pong paddle. 
@Lisasherratt fun working in a portacabin aint it? Too hot or too cold - no middle ground 
has a huge pile of paperwork on her desk and no idea where to start!  
I got a ceramic cut  my fingerrrrrrrr. were dealing with glass here. lol
@RichardWiseman I didn't post before the deadline, but I was part right. I thought, green trees, park, iron fence. No iron fence, though. 
It was the floor...it attacked me by surprise 
its too hot for its own good outside! i have burnt feets  xx
@EDInteriors I'm already at mine.  I have a window - it doesn't make it better! 
is really pissed off that she lost her new i-pod      
It's raining so hard all I see is white fog out of my 22nd floor window! There goes my hair appt. 
I could feel a tiny crater on my lower molar...it hurts when I chew 
Organizing two shelves worth of dusty CDs has doomed me to an afternoon of sneezing and itchy eyes.  I hate allergies. 
My fingertips are holding on to the cracks in our foundations, and I know that I should let go, but I can't 
@IamDoctorIan I wouldn't know.. I work in a basement  is it nice out now?
Swears since the painters came to do all our window fames a while ago all the windows stick. 
i want to go suntan on my roof 
@recordchick You should keep them handy in your desk. The little emergency kit ones. 
The kids on the floor beneath us moved out and took their internet with them 
My puppy doesn't look happy he is just laying on the sofa and is looking out the window 
I'm melting  and I can't open the damned window !!! 
http://twitpic.com/6faxh - 2day DS hit his head on the corner of the wall 
@joshmobleymusic I'm afraid that in my current room it wouldn't help: 3 full walls of storm windows and poly'd wood with zero insulation 
I burnt a hole on one of my tops. Blowdrying a wet spot: not a good idea. 
 i just got in trouble with my landlord for going on the roof... dammit, i'm bummed.
It's really bad when your engine stalls in the middle of an intersection 
@JeanineFuentes tripped and fell going up a flight of stairs...cracked the toe nail and everything 
@adarlingxo I hope mine hatch soon 
I was hiding underneath your porch because I love you 
@JordanSykes then find my other cover for me  it's under my desk somewhere I think..
@JeremiahLee If you're ever in santa barbara walking around state street - all the brick sidewalk is cleaned weekly with water washers 
Just took my front window tints off  2tickets in 2weeks...it looks so ugly...n waaay too bright in the front...ugh!
just woke up in the middle of the night with a nose bleed and my room is like a sauna  downt help
whining in the corner. nooooooooo! whyyyyyyyyyyy! fml. 
Outside on the deck writing her 8th grade story. I'm trying to get away from all the yelling. 
@thebitb i knowwwww! &amp; we have hardwood floors, so i`m trying to walk fast so i don`t slip. 
A bird just crash on my patio door &amp; died  and before u could get tissue and a box to give burial a squirrel grabbed him &amp; started eating
hahaha, when i was doing the dishes earlier  a spoooon fell on the floor and slid across the floor and it made this loud sound and i...
@claudinemartha I wasn't sure if I could...I already cut it in half and sliced up one side...  
they blocked my seat 
my roomate broke her toe today then stepped on glass in our kitchen. now shes on the floor dying  http://yfrog.com/592efj
Neighbour's building another 10-ft-high burn pile . . . wish the clean air bylaws had some teeth 
@puck42 Ah, but do you have to pull an entire double oven out of the wall to change the microwave bulb??? I do. 
His side of the bed is cold 
Totally diggin' my new pad in BloNo... too bad I'm headed back to the burbs manana 
@rachelboettner I am not, it was a very very large (and hard) dirt slab. And it smahed my face into the ground. 
@iamjonathancook, No it was a good choice. I really want one now.  haha, but I don't have the energy to walk down stairs! ;) haha.
now i have a window 2 fix.  grrr
I'm afraid I'll find the neighbours on my doorstep any second 
is so tired right now and still wishes he was at E3 so bad  me wanna hang out with all the booth babes and left for dead to would be cool
Someone bring me a mattress. I don't wanna sleep on the floor 
@kasey79 no .   we found hotel and bar they were at but just missed them. heard jordan rehearse.  and 4 of them drove past us as security
Still no joy - mustn't have been 1 of first 200 to click the button. I'm watching this space instead 
is sleeping on the floor... *sigh* i wish i had a bed 
@geraldsantos yeah i hav like three projects to do its seriously shitting me up the wall 
downloading windows 7 x64 my touch screen hp is acting up ... 
hanging out inside to avoid getting burnt again 
ahhhhhhh how sunny and blue the sky is... shame im looking at it out a stinking office window 
lately I almost always feel dizzy after a stair session. Does that mean I'm now nicotine intolerant? 
ily my wall, i need more stuffs 
I can't work easily, the sun's on my back and some bird is tweeting in next door's tree and this garden table's a bit rickety  
Would like to get back into my hole. 
After getting home at 9:30, putting a whole order of wood for my deck in the garage cause it came early was not fun 
Has just walked into the the corner of a door hard. I feel so stupid 
A bird just flew into my window and now it's dead on the floor outside 
i hate this mouse!!! it doesnt have a ball in the middle to scroll with 
Its beautiful outside just a shame i am stuck indoors working 
my sleeping patterns are totally out of whack... and i think the pb parrots have finally found their way to the their outside my window 
@DeeBowman stuck inside an airconditioned operating theatre 
@SandiMon where do you live ... no rain at my place - jealous . also jealous of your roof .. I don't have a steel roof 
Should've been out the door 10 min's before I got out of bed 
Kage totally took over my side of the bed 
It looks like it's about to pour outside! And I just fell running up the stairs 
@Angpang apparently they are freezing some off nxt door, I can't see 
It seems that @dushkin is cheating. When he opens the window he gets a breeze. All I get is mosquitoes. 
This is utter pants  4 fans blasting, 2 windows and a door wide open and still I feel all hot and bothered! I wanna get outside!!  xx
@JamesMW78 I know... me too  We need field desks!
need to buy a bigger mouse. the small one might give me carpal tunnel 
@kdc there's a crack along the upper edge of one frame that I'll likely have to superglue so my lens doesn't fall out 
@ThisLittleBird well most importantly, we need a bumper and headpad. He can't sleep in the crib until we get those 
its too cold for roller coasters 
slipped and fell down her stairs  ouchiiees mi tobiiiilllooo :***(
@BobbyBlackwolf we are on the balcony. 
@littlelaylay yikes!!!!  shivering in my seat
I am an empty nester now! 
@donwill aw sheet! *rings alarm* 
which is only like.....4 floors tall, fml 
I'm a little disappointed  i hoped there would be hot wings...
On the down side, food just spilt in my purse. 
Wish I could hear the waves from my balcony 
@BLUEEYEDLADY56 she did ok. They paralyzed her to make it. She is on 90 on the vent 
didnt have to work today after all, so i indulged in some sinful sleeping in! was hoping to wake up to pitter patter on my window 
@derrickrc about the wings... 
I've always been scared that one night when I am sleeping and my ceiling fan is on, it will ripp off my roof and hurt me 
Has a really sore side 
@ohsoshiny idek dude.  it started w/ dead mouse batteries, then it all froze then i restarted &amp; windows wont load. @immaterialdepth idkk
@ZaibatsuPlanet lol sure...but the glare from the penthouse glass windows will ruin it  will strive 4 another photo opp!
my windows 7 beta is almost dead 
@caiten no more heel flips up the 4stair euro gap 
At her cubicle 
It's really hot outside! 
The junebugs are dying...all over my front porch. 
So hot. 75 outside and 83 inside. can't sleep! 
now groaning.owww..my fingers hurt! got hit by the window 'coz of the wind.  *cries
I wonder if my cat is still stranded downstairs in our porch 
TRYING to work around this mental block of hers 
was woken up by the door bell 
typhoon here in manila  doggie's stuck inside) ... listening to sky fm 80s, thinking what topic to blog ^-^
a scary thunderstorm is looking through my window. 
The screen fell off my window. A colony of flies decided to make my ceiling their new home. 
cleaned up the new house plus aircon &amp; blinds are installed! can't wait till moving day! i have a wood splint(sp) in my thumb. it hurts! 
@anz_rocks19 apart from bking bread and making some lovely pate ;), I will be writing and staring at a blank sheet most of the day 
Oh hang on, another screen is telling me I don't - maybe it hasn't come through yet 
@josephnguyen scary  but I can't stop looking out my window
if i don't open, they might break-in - been trying to open door already.. was holding key in one-side, while someone was trying to turn 
nooooooooooooooo! back to tall scary building now! 
There's sand inside my ipod screen 
Just smashed my little mirror 
has ventured onto the dark side. It has got that desperate. I have registered with Foxtons 
Sadly, I remembered to take my belt off, so I didn't trigger the alarm and have to get frisked by the v hot Dutch security woman. 
It's a beautiful day, but i have a crack in my windshield!  http://yfrog.com/6flbyj
@edwbaker vents were turned off for filming and i didnt know  solvent abuse is rubbish!
I hate the couple in front of me, they're eating fried chicken! 
@kpatthethird and i got oil all over your mouse pad. sowwy 
Now I need to replace a frame, the glass was scratched and need to buy one more and need to re print one print 
The school as made the decision to  go with windows .. so by nextweek we would be seeing the first installment of windows xp 
@smithcor No vibrating seats. 
I've just dribbled it all down the side ! 
From one building to another, 160 flights of stairs, I'm waiting for by number to be called 
How does putting out a chip pan fire with a damp cloth work? #notbb10 
Just mudered a block of glass &amp; a half 
is very bored being stuck in doors  x
A cute little bird just flew against my window and died. 
Snuggled in with my orange blanky n cuppa camomile tea.. If only my hair would dry by itself 
i was just out talking to my mom and we saw a pigeon come out from the side of the roof where part of the siding has fallen off. 
It's not sunny outside 
Really not digging the nearby neighbor who seems to be randomly revving a really loud engine. I *really* want to open the windows, too 
It's only 1:45? And it looks so nice out my window 
Ugh just cleaned off the porch 
Someone stole my lounge chair and I'm not too happy 
@colorblindfish @youngq @ebassman we're by the vip entrance around the side and they're being mean 
doesn't want to go bus tables 
i felt rain. but it was actually someone spitting water off of the second floor of the building behind me. 
Then the second she open the gate desk I am the first in line and she tells me the flight is overbooked and the bulkhead seats are takes. 
cleaning out the basement 
Watching the luggage loaders load the plane, it looks like they did a wrestling move on my guitar  maybe I should roll the window shade up
eww.  my window was open all day and now i smell skunk. the window is now closed 
Puppies and camera equipment don't mix  my 50d and 70-200 f2.8 were pulled off the sideboard onto the wooden floor by our new pup.  Arggh
I hope people don't see me eating my zone bar and think its a reeses bar  they'll judge me!!!!!
*is crying in the corner*  Byebye sidies come back soon? 
 my windshield cracked 
Ugh! I lost my carrr keys 
@tarraxo No, not really! lol it was just a (sort of) little free concert and I kind of stood off to the side. 
the countdown goes on... last basement shift 
Not looking forward to tmw. At present, to open my wardrobe doors could possibly cause a major natural disaster  i have to combat it tmw.
Making third cast now... Mixed too little plaster and didn't have enough to complete fill the 2x2 inch floor tile! 
i just saw a baby bird die in the middle of the road  i picked it up with my sleeves and moved it to the side. i hope i dont have rabi ...
posters down, lamp down, now it's really empty in here 
what's really nasty is when you find a dead squished spider on your wall and you wonder who killed it... 
loving my new wedge! hole in the pocket though 
when i tried to reinstall window,i am seeing bsod  ... what may be the cause? (ubuntu is not even bootin  )
I want to come up from the floor into a ring of fire 
@kristensmith Its pretty good.  It runs pretty slow on my curve though  I wish notifications was the first page. The wall is good though
Leaving your purse at the bar u were just @ = total buzz kill 
My ball didn't come out of the hole. 
 I just saw a squished kitty outside my gate....I feel sad...
this wood floor is cold on my toes!  coffee? bad idea, but i think so!
Just woke up  trying to fight urge to go down stairs and eat a brownie. I hate waking up in middle of nite
Just watched the postman drive away with a parcel after taking more than 3 seconds to answer the door 
@CADbloke its too heavy! I can barely get it out of the storage nook under the stairs!  stoopid thing!
i think someone got shot again  hahah the helicopter will NOT stop hovering around the complex with its stupid light invading my window
So now my mum has to come over to watch them and to lock the door behind them ... sorry for ranting but I had to release it 
cannot lie sidewards. err. it hurts  http://plurk.com/p/ytmza
Is of to the dump with bags of half bricks. Manual labor is not for me! 
It is impossible to hold an umbrella and do up a button fly 
has just bought a carpet...but I don't want a carpet. 
I'm now at the craft fair in a field of little tents but it's seriously raining hard and I'm wetter than an Otters pocket 
blegh, still so ill. someone needs to tell my insides to stay on the inside 
deciding wether or not to go to the barn, the outdoor is probably underwater. 
relaxing on the balcony with handover 
We've got water coming through the ceiling of our flat the lights have blown and the landlord doesn't think this is urgent! 
Now that I got the tNT posters, I don't know where to put them on my wall 
sad.  but on the other side, I am happy. =')
@MzBabyGurl I didn't know my directions were taking me to the outside lane.  http://myloc.me/2N7F
@joshlord working outside &gt; studying inside 
our roof is leaking 
@pamungkas tip came too late  but got nice shots focusing on the candles
@liverpoolweath I can't see out my window lol 
agreed to help my cousin paint her room.. now I'm covered in paint.. stupid paint fight.. 
a tiny glass scratch on the foot can be really damn hurt 
I broke the shed and my mum hit me. Wasnt my fault i fell on it and the ledge that holds the glass in was rotten through 
@tommcfly I think the wall hates you. I keep voting for you but the number doesn't increase at all 
@vicxtorixous awh its not on the window anymore?  lol
i am so frickin cold. it sucks working in a building that is made of stone 
@5windows still hate me  ???
hmmmm take a shovel and cave deeper inside my heart, leave that space empty, as always 
I'm dreading the day our landlord rents the apt next door. We share a wall (in every room). I can hear him just walking around in there. 
A fuse in the studio blew and it blew up my curling iron in the process 
@itslauraduggan i cant put up my tent its too hard 
My door handle just fell off 
I look out my window and are sad...as there is now powder 
I look out my window and are sad...as there is no powder 
@TonyTescadero damn that's all bad! They could've saved u a plate! 
thought meadowhall was too crowded and stuffy! 
@misslez lounge...too many shots... 
@karamelkiss  You should do twitter text... my j-o-b blocks it too! 
Sitting inside,front row and super low stage,but just been told that we're not allowed to film or take pics 
Missing the booth babes... 
taco hurt him self trying to get up the stairs  , but he is okay
@littlepapercone haha go crazy and punch in a higher floor! I hope it didn't melt  why do I leave books in @tiggerwoods' car?!?!
not too happy with the way he left my apartment, though, especially since he knocked my lush shelf in 
They are tearing out the wall in my bedroom. Where am i going to sleep? 
Just finished working in the yard 
@mauhra it has this opening that leads out to a catwalk with no door  hard to explain loft was designed by this artist guy...
I want a soft side ! i dont want to be a cold-hearted Btchh anymore !! 
just ran into a door 
@OUBad *cowering in the corner* no 
Me thinks I may have prematurely sat down on my soft sofa after a long day on hard chair, before thinking that I should have gone to loo 
Oops, sorry about that - playing with a scanner and the cursor was in the wrong window 
@pbbirdy They took those pianos out... I check  I ended up just going to my old dorm.
These seats are too small and I can't cross my legs without kicking the person in front of me 
Parked my car in the wrong spot today at work and a monster truck ran it over. 
As a teen at social functions I'd stand in the corner all along. I took dancing lessons. After that I danced in the corner all alone 
@SoophJ 2 posters fell of my wall   stupid sticky tape !!  
Wondering why my roof is leaking and how much it is going to cost 
Little bird who pecks my window has been seen w/ a handsome male goldfinch but her longing affair w her reflection in my window continues 
I really hope to find my sword in the mailbox when I get home. I paid $38 for that thing, I want my sword. 
@missaster we took up the carpet in the front room and the wood in the entry. the entry was glued directly to the concrete 
figured out that she can no longer do a flip on the trampoline 
Just stepped on a piece of glass 
@EveSophie15  a2, row 7, seat 9... kinda rubbishy seats  esp for what i paid :|
was jumpin up &amp; down in the green waste bin to compact it when it slid out &amp; tipped over... smashing &amp; scraping the shins on the way down 
 my arm nearest the window is about to freeze off! but the rest of me is warm... such a horrible feeling. #jonaskevin
@baratheon is the hole big enough for two 
 I tripped on the external hard drive cord and it fell on the floor and now the casing won't pop back into place.
It's nice that he smokes outside. So much nicer if her didn't finish a cigarette and then open the door, letting it all in 
@ my casa. (: lol, doooode , i have to vaccuum the stairs becaise mt step dad wanted to vaccuum upstairs without asking me. 
Someone forgot to close the gate and down the stairs my 9 month old peanut tumbled... 
Looking for the full moon in honor of honor society but i cant see it from my window 
Now watchin the wings tearin it up 
@laughasylum not in skybox  section 102 row 17!!! lol im looking around for your braids
i wrote on the wall here and they painted over it. 
@mttyoung6 lmfao... rolling on the motherfucking floor.... that wasn't nice... it funny but not nice... 
is preparing to take on the family.  *puts on her armor and plods down the stairs*
@crazymokes I've done some silversmithing. Just remember if a piece of molten metal rolls on to the floor, don't grab it. I did this 
@daikou still not going to get the frame.. 
Not sure if I should check the door or not. I hate making a scene but I don't want a dinged door 
@Emmarrrrgh stole my space in bed! 
the grass is tall in the country side. I just hope no one knocks in the front door asking for tammy  (the strangers)
@simonindelicate they're been ushered away. I've missed the chance  i have a fencing scar. Where i fell through a fence.
@dmckague the multi-pass was in my backpack at the bottom underneath books the whole time 
@saluteABADbytch..let me get a plate 
@mrobison91 The switch is a button...and the button cover is missing and the hole to get to it is really tiny.  ugh.
 i hate being mean to my doggies. but they pissed on my floor. haha.
just saw the firworks from my hotel balcony!..all by my lonesome! 
haha i don't feel like doing anything besides lay on the bathroom floor 
cat knocked my roses and vase on the floor  nowhere is safe
@kamagrian We're really not sure. if anything, we've got bars across the windows now. 
@djaggisbreezy Dammnn just leave me  haha i probably gave you that stack and you ran off with it lolzo
@ashleeadams I know right? I was a terrible idea to start displaying them on the front page 
@garybogue - do you know how to care for injured hummingbirds?  One flew in a house and banged into the sliding glass door 
there is an animal making scary noises outside of my window. 
almost crying while watching wall-e 
It's inorganic rubbish time and there are scavengers going through the trash on the street in the dark making our tidy piles messy 
I would also like to add that I was woken at 5am by my cat being sick at the bottom of my bed  (it went out the window in style).
rain...in my fucking room...again....re-lining the guttering obviously didn't work....hacked off 
didn't get my stand  have to wait til they get one in, so digital piano is now sitting on the floor 
too sick for crawl 
family gone. and my room's horribly empty...  although on the plus side I have badminton racquets. now for a shuttlecock...
@myshuno aahw  no more killing them by taking out the stairs
its sunny outside and stuck inside revising 
I've blown a fuse, the tin opener doesn't work, the doorbell has gone flat and the flaps come off my letterbox! I need a handyman 
so tired cos a storm decided to happen right outside my window as i went to go to sleep 
@DiVert23 if you're comfy it's fine. I'm really not comfy, none of my clothes fit and my cholesterol is through the roof 
I'm intrigued by the crow knocking on the front door with his beak... he didn't seem to want to come in though 
my toes got stuck under the door as i was closing it. i walk funny now 
I ruin everything. And not the door is closing. Does that mean one will open up? 
@MsNThrope ha! I saw that but then a squirrel ran by my window and well...I guess I will never know 
Parked next to a broken bird... Legs snapped in half  saddest thing ever.
In the naughty corner 
is fighting with her pc 'cause it keeps opening the same window!!! I clicked 'esc' 
@unstung That would be an ordeal  Like running inside a sauna 
is thrown his english coursework out of the window, it now sits in a murky puddle 
i want short stack to come to england already 
I left my rainboots in the parking garage 
@GaneshaXi they got caught up in all the wires .. they were squealing 
When I'm walking down the street, I often feel like doing cartwheels. But I don't know how to do cartwheels. 
@mikeintosh yesssssa!!! Too bad they only sell them at certain jacks 
just finished painting ceiling of bedroom...my neck hurts 
I really, really hate yard sales. This is the 2nd one in 2 days.  I'm sitting on the porch with my laptop being attacked by bugs.
my dogs having like a midlife crisis and wont leave my side, so she just sat on myy bathroom floor while i showered. poor babbyyy 
putting a tent away is hard 
a dead bird on the front porch.  http://plurk.com/p/z5as6
terrible.. have to search for a trance pad... 
while getting a fork out of the cupboard a knife stabbed me- it hurt + i cryed..... 
The ground is breathing 
http://twitpic.com/6uhha - Just took this pic outside my window! This is my street lol its raining 
I just saw a baby bird fall off my neighbor's roof and smash its head off the ground 
My basement is losing one chair, one couch, and in the near future, the two-seat couch as well  this makes me sad  see? sad 
drew the short straw and now i have to paint the porch rails!    
omggg people are freaking LOUDDD. wooden floors can be annoying. person upstairs is practically STOMPING around. 
i cannot believe i just lost my keys  down the side of the train 
i rolled down my window and lost my laker flags on the 91 freeway 
@amyshell awww  * goes in a corner n cries *
cleaning out the garage  so many siders!
Only if I can find a parking spot 
When packing my kitchen scale for class I dropped it on the tile floor. No more kitchen scale. 
@yukihoang @tiffanyyin they only have churchs chicken in the hood 
Has anyone had piles? I think i have them 
@MJBtheMVP lmao!! No not in the building!!  have fun for me!! I'm actually done now
@londenmeisje Yes I did . It fell flat on the street, and landed right next to a turd. Now the glass front is all broken 
@signejb the chipotle just ran out  but your rents are like standing in front of me
smashed my figure with the door 
@lowster lol - no idea, that was why I was asking as it was on my kitchen floor 
@Ablanchetjr come over boo whenever you can and we can nap together, i've been sleeping on my couch and missing you   muah.
@starleigh2000 Ayyyyy. I saw him but he didn't come to my booth. 
Shit, just noticed that the plumber busted entirely through the wall to the other side 
@krismac24 @jill777 even if we have front row?? I miss our seats 
Not nearly enough people smile when they drive down the street and see my daughter blowing bubbles on our front steps.  #fb
Wishing you were by my side 
@campero maybe we would see more of each other if you lived right next door, then again probably not 
Is omfg my wall is plastered with psychology, and not even a whole third of the module. 
@sheridanmarfil i miss football sunday! buffalo billiards lost their cafe license - no outside seating 
The ending of goblet of fire is so sad  even though I've read it before
Sitting at bajio. There's a dead bird right outside the window 
Gnarly wipeout = busted front tire and more cuts 
@victoriaelliott I doubt I'll take pics lol lawn seats 
making door decs!  Should have done them 2 weeks ago.. 
there's a spider up high on my wall 
really enjoyed working on the balcony today....losing the light now though. time to go inside 
we're getting new carpet and all this banging is giving me a migraine and a half 
@DonRushNapoleon my baby is asleep so I can't go to the store but wats so bad circle K next door! 
witnessed a little girl on a wooden bike w/ no pedals crash into a stone bollard because she couldn't/wouldn't break eye contact with us 
my fishie isnt looking well again, he was sitting on the bottom of the tank 
things i did up north: saw google headquarters, and apple headquarters (shake fist at apple) 
kitchen disaster, upside down pizza on oven door 
@redflamerose i had to cancel my final solo show at tafe  there are builders next door bashing things and my head is imploding
Just lost all power, pitch black inside and outside...can see a storm brewin' in the distance. 
i heard this big loud row, so i thought maybe jonas brothers are in their plane, untill i realised it was next door getting their bin out 
Two birds just flew into my window, scaring the living daylights out of me. I don't feel well 
A spider just walked up my wall 
i've yet to decide what to wear.. i'm currently ravaging thru my closet... 
i'm afraid i lost my dazzle glass 
@alexjonasojd well maybe they fly in through a window! 
waaaa - no bannister monkey updates 
@viveksingh heheh how sweet. i wish it'd work then  this design is driving me up the wall :| @wickdweirdwitch
No foxy on the roof. He's officially missing 
@_scene_queen_ aww 
my folder fell apart  .... again.
@manicsocratic transmission doesnt have the little bar to watch 
@nomysteryleft  plus itunes is so slow on windows  lol.
@radarxcrave but unfortuntley she dosent like short stack  well actually shes never heard of them! D:
@mockingbird_ I can't see you out there :O I answered the door but you must have run away! 
Laying in my bed I can't sleep without her here by my side. 
missing the bed and my nook 
@JamesHancox that is not what is showing on my screen though, it's showing &amp; g t ; . &amp; l t ;  (without the spaces) 
under the knife i go! ahh. im officially scared 
feeling really energetic but I'm stuck inside revising 
@lisle ive never been to marmalade pantry.. haha. will my pocket have a bigger hole? i am not teaching this month. 
that was meant to say @OneHornyUnicorn just attacked me with her swivel chair...but we were trying to see who could do it first, she won 
i want to be sleeping like my moddy is.. but the spider on the wall won't let me!! 
My cup empty  lol i'm hungry though
@MargaretWallace i have the same problem in my building. would recognize the voice of neighbor's screaming kid in a crowd of millions 
My desk chair is broken     I am currently using a piano bench.  Ah, such is life
@bradiewebbstack do you hate me now  im sorry! but im actaully your biggest fan! if i told you i had red carpet to would you be unhappy?
It's going rather grey outside 
A poor birdie just flew into my window 
Looking at the aftermath of hardwood floor installation.  I need an army to help me clean!! 
@hemablokker berlin wall was fenced off where we were. no berlin wall hug unfortunately. 
  i would be so much happier if the walls of my bedroom were painted white,
Spring cleaning the bedroom rather than going to the gym today. And once again any writing has been put to the side 
@TheSkoot the only downfall with a double bed is, you cant taboggan down the stairs on it 
thinks her fingers broken by running away from a fly then bending it backwards by the door handle 
registered to ElAl's preferred seat waiting list. as if. they acknowledge I'm 2m tall &amp; need extra leg space. but not my (pregnant) wife 
i apparently lost the ball from my lower left cbr  i don't want to take the ring out so I'm putting tape on it so it doesn't slide out
And it was all in front of Y12  #EpicFail 
@butadream  Think on the bright side! 
the thunder just shook my windows 
is not a happy camper!! my phone just flew off the second floor of a parking garage downtown ...  there goes another 50
So empty n lost 
found a really sharp piece of glass with her foot 
@harrrykins I tried, but it was caught on the ledge on the bottom and against the glass at the top. It truly was a screwed up machine! 
a fork right in front of me 
@texantiff hee hee - we got rid of them to make way for another table  but the table's cool!!
Misses all the terrace seniors. 
@electricsoup i guess you are not liking the new building so far 
Really wish little birds would stop flying into the windows! 
my couch won the battle... I hate coughing 
walking into doors...soo not cool but quite painful 
Just dropped my muffin on the floor.  
it's raining that hard, It's starting to flood! Only about an inch off my front door! 
not liking the fork lightning and I'm sitting in front of the window 
@applejacque I need a side hustle.  It's hard to make street cheese when you've got a belly 
Ugh, garage door broke down.  But Fineye is coming over!!  I miss him!!!!
@AlexDScott I did thanks! Kneeling in alleys has worn holes in them though 
@Jeelzz exactly, also got it slammed into a door (finger got stuck, had to open to get out), and hit someone that threw a ding dong at me 
@makabijohnson awesome, my view wasn't so good just what i could see over rooftops towards town 
fell asleep in the pool and is all burnt on her front side 
I've been working on a deck most of the day. And not the patio kind, sadly 
omg, I caught my blister on the carpet stairs, it hurts so much 
I feel sad and empty on the inside 
@HeyitsAllyssa I would love to buy you pizza next door but I'm making oatmeal now  blahhhhhh
On the side of the road waiting for triple a  men piss me off
s/he's wandering down our block.  i'm scared s/he'll get hurt... i wanna take the kitty inside.
this is now two in the row - burnt starbucks coffeee   #burntcoffee
My battery only has one bar left 
The office admins cheaped out and bought the worst foosball table!! the ground is uneven, player sticks have no resistance and wont hold 
wanted to work on his cipher while working at the library, but hit a mind block 
Is stressed...too much on my plate right now! 
There's a hole in the roof 
@aarondunlap  but I wanted to play with large metal poles tonight 
my husband broke 2, count em two glasses in the kitchen. I don't like broken glass, I hate to be cut! 
@smallandround me too I have no view my studio is in the basement 
I hate people trying to sell things door to door. I feel bad for shutting them down before they even start their pitch. 
It's all a facade but really I'm    x100000
Like I saw him walking up and slammed the door really hard.  *smh*
Looking at my empty mountain dew can, and crying....the rest are out in the garage!     #chuckmemondays #chuck
can someone please come kill the spider crawling down my patio doors. pwease 
painting my place is going to be expensive  i already fuckin' spent $40 on a mask, rollers &amp; tape! whaaat the eff
@MeAllTimeLow i know. You were laughing while i was on the ground 
And the neighbors are outside enjoying the intermission.  I bet their windows aren't leaking.  
20ft boards do not fit in a van 
we now have a leaking skylight 
finished the kitchen; the rest of the downstairs is now about 75% there.  I'm a neat-freak stuck in a habitual clutterer's body. 
@yohodaveygunn it's logical if it was an indoor building, but it's not 
@cyntata @jaydu i miss it too. the rooftop 
I flooded the basement and now it smells really bad 
is at lockdown at the studio 
@shainaO that is the worst!! I literally fall to the ground when that happens 
columbia gas digging ginormous holds in my street with jack hammers right now.... just lovely 
@joshsabou into the seat 
just got quoted $850 to fix a leaking gutter that has caused my front veranda to rott 
Getting a chocolate dipped cone from the mcdonalds in atlantic square cause the one near my house didn't have any. 
Has a hole in her pillow  r.i.p
thinks its time for bed...I just ran into a glass door that i thought was open!! haha.  It hurt!
@xxXnaderXxx i put a hole in my door  !!!!!!!!!
There's some all over my bed and floor too.  ugh.... No!
upstairs brushing dust off  i cant breath with this mask on!
aw man  I jst stubbed my toe on the bathroom door :/ frkin toenail bettr not fall off ..
This is not the door I wanted to open 
@careehart I'm crying on the inside for you 
iiii just had a huge bug crawling on my chest! that'll teach me to not open my window a crack on the drive home from vegas to litter 
i feel the worst right now. and im so pissed i smashed a hole in my door  sorry door, ily.
stuck in cubicle nation....i want to be free 
The prettier it is outside the more depressed that i have to work inside 
They forced me to change my desk to another one near my lovable creature of all.. I am so sad, bored, and willing for escape 
too hot not to have the window open... too much pollen-related sneezing if it is 
I still don't have my locker! 
@iMattsReview mornin m8,got the plasterer rnd doing the front room,it's a no go area 
@joshuaakeith  I don't remember getting any wings 
it's too sunny to be in doors painting 
I have officially hit a wall. 
@NanNanista its not that great nano..  its beside him.. and i'm not feeling comfortable 
@lisacray I think I'd beat the living daylights out of any1 that touches me right now. I can't turn, bend, tilt nor swivel. I'm robot 
@humandoodad i updated twitterfox to this monstrosity and now it won't update in the corner of my screen 
is finally up  and still wondering why the ground isn't moving underneath me like it does on rollercoasters 
@tweetdeck problem with v0.25.2b: window geometry resets off-screen on restart (window invisible) and unless app restarts, no updates 
Completely over slept  meant to get up at 730, actually got up at 820 and was out the door at 828... Yay for vbc
@kimfemetal That was happening to me - until we got the new mattress. The alternative that I can think of is a cold or flu side effect. 
Flies on my screen, the negative side of living in a small village 
@thomaslundstrom ah , you are talking about generating the server side! svcutil won't do that 
@anrapa yeah.  a door just slammed upstairs and she didn't even flinch.  she's wayyy too skiddish to not flinch if a door slams 
@lilwldchld yeah, its 78 and sunny, tiny little clouds. and I am staring at office walls. 
@asw909 Thinking about it its unlikely - one of us is in a wheelchair 
After all that, the loos in my wing have now been reopened 
@rudedoodle That would normally be a good idea, but the router is at other side of the house plus up 2 flights of stairs... 
@kisluvkis maya said she thought of would be comfy for him (the drawer was a big square one and almost empty.) She felt bad and cried . 
I am sitting in a cubicle... 
I've been forced to learn how to write drivers in vista  I can't wait for windows 7!
@iiiplace if only i owned a bonnet 
we missed the we will rock you bit last night  cause they kept moving our seats around. we ended up with floor seats though 
sometimes I feel like all that I do is brush out handicapped parking signs 
is scared,  The apple I had left in the dining table is on my bed &amp; I find this real spooky as my bedroom was locked !!!
@cloudlover poor thing! I would probably have to switch jobs if I didn't have a space heater avail. it's always an icebox in here! 
i have got a empty belly 
@cussinavi i dont want to hurt the poor floor! 
my rooftop deck is officially off limits starting today. no more roof bronzing 
The guy that mowed the yard ran over a few caladiums. In his defense, he did have about 1/2 of his face bandaged with gauze &amp; tape. 
@DanxinDan you know that little part in my lawn in the front yard that just has that random brick there? i didn't pay attention and fell. 
@AshSoPrecious I'm just disappointed u was in my hood and aint let me know it!  me sad!
@livedesk I'm all for an eco-tunnel.I hate seeing half runover squirrels pulling themselves to the side of the road with their front legs 
Just tripped over my niece's shoes and took a face plant into the floor 
@elvensapphire Brazilian are anyway, dumb like a door  haha
@elvensapphire I'm brazilian so brazilian are anyway, dumb like a door  haha
My parking spot was taken  stupid seniors who are graduating 2m! ;)
The book cabinet I bought at auction last night is beautiful, but there is a catch - it did not come with keys and the doors are locked 
misses Sam  and has been compensating by paying the budgie more attention, &amp; everytime he always faceplants the window lol.
I have a feeling that I will find a coil covered in ice again if I take the freezer's back panel off....  
I stepped on a tiny piece of glass and now my foot is bleeding and hurts like hell. 
@500daysofsummer http://content.foxsearchlight.com/inside/node/3482 
So tired  I hate the fagmuffin on my couch -.-
There is a green folder on my desk.  I just tried to walk into it 
there's a spider on the wood floor 
@TheBeckyShow and noo morrreee falling into walls!! 
@danger534 well, she climbed the sink &amp; she fell backwards off the sink... &amp; her head hit the wall &amp; her back against the floor....  
@JoeySovine great pic, not mine..   from an island resident, I'm hiding inside!
my nephew was throwing a stuffed animal into the air, hit a shelf and knocked over 1 of our flutes from our wedding..floor..broken glass 
@damondanieli i was hoping for a screen shot of the application. 
@StevenPeters1 I wish I was goin to wings 
has the ambitious task of removing around a kilo of blu tack from his walls 
@azkansei I had to rip out the ethernet cables from the wall and will have to re-route them due to the duct work. 
i never hear the timer bell on my oven go off!! 
the roof is off limits because of construction... 
working on hot shot trailer 
I've hit the wall. 
new tweetdeck won't go in the corner of my taskbar where all the little icons are... convenience bites the dust 
so sad, i lost yet another earing that I liked...it just fell out of my ear and into a crack in the concrete at a parking garage 
It's super hot in my garage  I wish I could smoke inside during the summer!!
@thekaceykasem It makes me cry on the outside too. 
I just stepped on glass!  ouch
@yanting I was going to advise you to walk around the corner to find a street-vendor... but I just remembered you can't go anywhere 
back from flithy dukes gig - it was amazing but no elevator  gutted
@OlieRuiz damn  you took my seat...lol
@shanzer22 i'll be taking a seat over there....? 
front row...now if only the security guy in front of me would move...or sit down...or *something* so i can see...  
@bitterbiscuit   breathe.  I was thinking how I want a big bowl of pasta but it has to be eaten in front of your dining room window.  
right field roof by the bar- opposite sides!  @alexgadberry
There was a giant ass crane in the pond, and now there's no fish left 
My neighbor's surround sound is shaking our shared wall.  It's hard to relax with that going on.
True story: I just dropped my contact on the floor and I cant find it. 
@handholds more like what isn't wrong.  i miss you!  
@ebassman I don't like seeing the empty seats 
@handholds that would be amazing but I don't want to bring you down with me 
@handholds okay, I'll be here!  ily!  ~I totally just tweeted this without the '@handholds' haha 
Just saw a bug in my apartment by the front door... About 3/4&quot; long, kinda silvery, too many legs. 
I want wings 
@marcygordon I gave them my last stack   More soon though..
@latinoboi1988  you pushed me to the side
@misteng i didn't mean to step in the puddle!! 
just found one of the most poisonous snakes in central america outside my front door. now questioning my choice to go to the tropics 
@brianchenault it's downstairs and I don't want to disturb the moody dig that may bark if awoken 
stranger danger in the fountain 
@billy_burke  i like the broom!
@westlifebunny I hav so done that... I leant on it by mistake whilst I was cleaning the inside and bent the brackets 
Sitting in front of the monitor refusing to sleep 
@colcalli I tried but I thought it would sink with my desk top tweetdeck. I already have a great group! 
they turned off the escalators so now i gotta walk down them like normal stairs.. fuck 
@VanessaaHudgens hey! when is band slam coming out? i was an extra&amp; i met you at the auditorium but the stupid paparazzi came 
At grease now, waiting around for last scene. I'm excited for it, but i'm really tired 
I wish that little stray cat would come take refuge on my porch. It's so rainy outside  #fb
a little bird fell from a tree in my yard, he is so cute, he crawled from the front to the back yard so i made him a nest, he can't fly 
wow...stoop that low 
just fell down the stairs 
I'm out of duct tape 
@SUAREASY jealous! I miss my roller coasters 
@ganee Looked inside there, couldn't find it. 
@onekidneyjoe i'm not a stalker btw lol, i just happened to be staring at the stair well when i saw you haha. yep I'm on top floor 
@perki i'm not a stalker btw lol, i just happened to be staring at the stair well when i saw you haha. yep I'm on top floor 
@izzomatic they used to come to springs more often. I live right around the corner near foster. I want some more 
The bin men are blocking my street 
Man, people assume browser window sizes are bigger now. @squarespace, your login window requires scrolling to view.  #squarespace #trackle
a spider just charged me in the bathroom...then stopped about 5cms away from me...blocking my exit! 
classicFM was recommending sitting in front of the fire with a glass of red and listening to bach. sounds lovely ... but am at work 
It's sunny outside, but I have to stay inside n do some cleaning. 
Latest tweetdeck doesn't seem to remember where you'd placed it on the screen. Always goes top left on startup.  #tweetdeck
Paddled around through pitch black caves to watch giant bats circle overhead. Too bad my flight is in 2 hours 
Now I don't dare to open the window anymore &amp; the smell is killing me 
She thinks that happiness is a mat that sits on her doorway.... Its 3am I must be lonely 
UGH&lt; just wrecked a nail closing the window 
some absolute eejit left my garden gate wide open whilst tiggy was shut in the garden playing!! she coulda been ran over or something 
there's really freaky scratchy noises coming from upstairs  make it stop!
Man, people assume browser window sizes are bigger now. @squarespace, your login window requires scrolling to view.  #squarespace #trackle
I'm seated at the middle column and at the first row. Directly in front of me is the teacher's table. Whatuppp witt daaaattt?? 
omg. i need a jacket in my office. it's freezing and this space heater juuuuust isn't enough.  
@lilcreolesd no  it flew off somewhere, so now I'm on the lookout for it w/a hammer, a high heeled wedge &amp;&amp; windex at my side lol
@shaelhwi my brick wall disappeared  upload it again haha.
whole alone @ the desk 
Messed up my webserver last night  trying to get it back online now still having connection issues  isp as responsive as a brick wall
Wireless internet isnt working cause...long story. but what u need to know is im stuck in the basement on the slowest comp ever 
@yourfavgemini am in lonoke looking at the walls of the public library 
going to mow the yard.. 
Finally got new desk assembled after much gnashing of teeth. Now the drawer unit..with 20 pages of instructions 
I just bought twitterrific premium and now I think I'm switching to tweet deck 
the sink hole on my block has re-routed my bus making it even less predictable. 
boooo to the jackhammering right out side my window.  
boooo to the jackhammering right out side my window.   Also boooo to the people that don't change the empty bottle on the water cooler. 
I got it. He was choking on a piece of string with a bead on it. oops  I think I left that on the ground
@iamjonathancook I did, I cant believe you were on saynow, I was up, and i was upstairs  go on live soon!
http://twitpic.com/7mlq1 - they are tearing out a perfectly good tree in front of the offices 
@IamJoeJonasss I will try to enjoy first balconywauu instead of front row 
@torreviejalads Me too but mine is up-side-down 
Looking out of the window and it looks like autumn 
my roof is a failure 
Too cold inside and too hot outside.  it should be 79 degrees everywhere i go
my background/fb profile pic is the wallpaper of the bathroom of this hole-in-the-wall bar in barcelona.  wow i sure &lt;3 that place 
I just got attacked by a wall again. 
my window is open and I see a billion green flies about 
is in the yearbook office, where there is no a/c and soggy ceiling tiles on the monitors.  #fb
@piginthepoke shame they never mowed the front lawn whilst they were abusing my kitchen 
Everybody on the other side of the street was getting free coke zeros, I had to deliver packages... 
This is the view of the out side and what I walk threw to get to the bathroom   http://twitpic.com/7ni9s
@Joedan_dilemma I guess they must have 
i think my flatiron is dead 
jussssst finished cleaning the middle floor. so much more to do 
oww my butt still hurts from that awful fall on the patio 
Waiting (and waiting and waiting) for our crates to come  at #irce
@jaystrut But don't you think they'll be harder at the door? 
@Llubyloo I don't feel old except when I look in the mirror 
experiencing empty nest syndrome 
@Pastordude you have aprox 180 of these same sprinkler heads in the front bldg. 
@musictoyourlips idk. i told her to run over to that address and see if they're at a front desk or anything, but who knows? 
@ageofconspiracy i miss having our elevator parties and then breaking the elevator 
@gar374 I had a windows phone once until I threw it out a window   When are you back to work.. Next week?
Ouch. I keep biting the inside of my cheek  To stop myself from doing it though I've blown them out and currently look like a fish.
@mll19 never got a 5*  it's a 4* so i think i am guaranteed first 20 rows or something
@briangorbett At least you get to, my seat got given away 
@ChakatSilver I was wondering what happened to ceiling cat 
@nottyhopper  i saw your seat
My brand new patio umbrella apparently flung itself into traffic in spectacular attempt to escape my backyard!  It is now garbage.  
@smartassredhead omg I had that exact door mat! I had to get rid of it when you couldn't read it anymore. 
I hate smelling what the neighbours are cooking through my window because it always smells so good and I can't have any 
i never believed in putting the lid down till today when my cat pushed my keys off the counter into the toilet 
I wish tweet deck would stop crashing 
Lol apple devices used on windows..they didnt have the river and hd to reset thier windows comp 
Something (probably a bird  ) just hit the 5th floor library window
@GibsLong hey, do you live in the city? front yard movies is playing to killing a mocking bird in tower grove sat. i wish i could go. 
@tommygirl78 It's SO sad!  If I weren't a robot inside, I would've cried, but it really was sad.  
@MrJ04 i have a feeling they are in tha garage. i engraved the 3 paddles i needed to do with a dremel, uugghh its too small, and no power 
I could be seeing stereo skyline right now. 
so street construction outside has made doorway to the bathroom much much more narrow. i can't close the damn door. 
outside my flat, with no keys to enter. 
I have terrible signal in my basement right now 
@gatodefuego they got ahead of me. They went out the other entrance and the door closed on them. I was holding it from the other side. 
@toiatoya I want a basement 
leaving window open = more water damage to my already wrecked desk and two books soaked. I have to replace the one since it isn't mine. 
I wonder if that feeling of a gaping hole in my chest will ever go away...  
Wish i had a magic carpet so i cud fly into the sunset 
sliced his head on the garage door. Ooooooowie 
I hate my red kitchen wall. Why did I paint it  I am NOT painting over it. It's so dark.
no b-side for me tonight 
Why is it soooo coldddd in my rooom? 
i want cold stone 
Home.. finally. Now to deal with flooded carpet, screw up garage door opener, deal computer switch supply, downed server, and more..  #fb
cold in the morning, yet my rower insists to leave my deck door open 
hey umm just to let u know my site isn't done yet. just finished then closed window without saving 
My blinds fell on me 
@kkmariejb23 dude i hate metro station they made me have a melt down infront of them 
Going to bed. I need my bed, to bad I'm stuck on the floor 
I wish there was a cok infront 
@Zurph clipper guard fell off after i dropped clipper on the floor, i didn't notice. total buzz cut. 
has to walk chairs to the 15th floor 3 times a day because of elevator malfunctioning  http://plurk.com/p/11thea
just swept up all of Llyw's beautiful blonde curly hair off the kitchen floor 
Woman in exit row seat protesting that she doesn't actually _need_ the cane she is carrying...despite the fact she can't walk without it. 
drying out after the ran and wonderng what to do about the leak n the roof 
@roguetrooperr Your target was 2 stone? I've lost 2 stone 5 lbs but need to lose another 2 stone really 
@Puddytatpurr its depressing isnt it  but least i can look at the floor without dead crisps everywhere!
Just hit my arm on the bathroom door handle  that's gna be a bruise in the morning 
 I have to hover the stairs now. Raaaaaagggggggeeeeee
Its raining so hard that its hitting the window in my office 
I worked out how I broke them : trapped hand in bathroom cabinet door last night. 
already lost important keys 
@omgitsclare @chinokieran both of you haven't signed mine yet! mine is stll in my locker 
awaiting the demon to awaken inside of me, i am a forgetful lactose intolerant 
@SallytheShizzle so sad  he broke up with her!!!! *cries* ah well. we will never know the true behind the scenes
@Xiantayne i have cards all over my floor, since oliver just pulled them out of the cupboard   *sigh*
I just fell down the stairs and it hurt 
I just busted my butt in the break room! ......no witnesses, but a bruise to prove it  
omg I'm so sad...a stone fell out of my diors and I called for a replacement stone but they don't have any more 
so its nice weather inside and im stuck inside with a cold that me my mum and dad all have. 
The window ledge is too narrow for cheesy to lay on...he fell off it twice!!  He is not a happy cheez-it 
@HannaHassan HAHA R2-D2, finee  haha jyan and his tag (the access to the doors!) I loved it when you 'tukar' characters!
I walked into the door frame slighly. winded now. 
drained so drained - poorly on my couch 
At 7:30am a clumsy beetle that had no sense of direction kept flying into my window as hard as it could, waking me up. 
Our basement it totally flooding. 
I just dropped my last piece of gum on the floor, on a dead fly.  
Aw gays. I just dropped my toast on the floor marmite side down 
@quicunquevult its literally right in front of it, like the pee touches it. It wouldn't make a difference 
Cleaning our locker 
I wish a ring pop would just appear on my doorstep right about now. 
going to monks corner 
i  found out that one of my ferrets has a mast cell tumor on the right side of his skull and will most likely have to be put down soon. 
@quinnjames they were all out of the chairs 
wakin up  to the rain hiiting ma window pane brings be me no joy 
@lynnnein I'm using decluttermination to tackle the basement right now, but tweetdeck isn't playing nice w/the desktop 
Wishing I had a wonderful office view instead of this plain wall 
@RabbitHearts Oh go on...throw it out the window, be a rebal. You know you want to. I'm slightly unhappy about not being drunk too 
just broke a mirror 
@easydriver A few years ago, I fell down the stairs of that station. Then earlier this year, I fell down the broadway-lafayette stairs 
@tragiccomic  its not a shoebox.. its a cave.. and we like it in here
wtf! burner is trash too 
yippiekayee!!! finished the paint work at the front of the house, one more window to go at the back....rain expected this weekend  arghhh
ahh my basement is flooding!!!! now i must attempt to go move a gigantic tv away from the attacking puddles 
And I'm freezing - door got to be open as I filled the place with toxic burning plastic fumes 
I think I'm becoming homesick there's stuff at the bottom of the basement stairs and everytime I open it I think its my dog ringo 
Huge queue at hotel check in 
@juleshwright ooh swap. I've been working in a tin can of an office. No windows on the mezzanine 
Oouuch I jus walked on a piece of glass  I hate that
@BJsunnynight  its coming down sideways I swear...and when it does, the elevator in my building goes haywire...6 flights o' stairs 
Needs a new rear windshield. 
@phillipsc indeed. i do actually have a couple that are exactly as I want colouring wise, but not all the columns, and no nave aisle 
I really can't get no satisfaction on windows 
At the jazz museum!! No cameras allowed inside though 
has shittt a brick 
@snarklette I agree  - poor wings 
@mcrmyJO  I totally want a glass 
Stress is eating me from the inside out.  I feel sick.  
Sitting in a chair staring at the wall... 
I know its hot outside but damn, they gotta have the unit on deep freezer? I can't feel my legs 
Zachster hiding in the closet, I'm hanging close to him 
No more stairs ... 
Needs a new rear windshield. 
@Charonqc but your green giant has left the building! 
went to borders but their all out of rolling stone magazines 
@felixgbaby mmmhhmm , you too caught up . don't be hittin me up like you used to smh .. it's already begun, i'm being pushed to the side 
@tbone947 me too  i dropped a piece of bacon on the floor so i tried to give it to him and he wasnt even semi interested in it 
Wish they would let me climb tower, I hate taking elevators to the top of towers 
a million little pieces  im very sorry.....on the bright side so is mine..hahah if there is a bright side to that
@hnmacdon I care...mine have a hole in the crotch 
@kdc i know you keep talking it up but I haven't gotten to go yet  i love wings
fire alarm going off in the building next to me and am now hearing fire and police sirens - not good 
Going to bed. I feel sick inside 
I was super sweaty on the elevator.. that's embarrassing  #heroescon
@walls6 Drats! They keep saying they're done after this one. It figures. 
And also, my bedroom is freeeeeezing, cause I left the pissing window open! 
knocked my head while opening the cupboard door. How stupid is that? Just hope everything is alright 
not looking forward to waking up to an empty right side of the bed 
@Debbequilts Would you come over and set mine up...I have a quilting machine on a frame that I haven't even used yet. 
i bet you can ride a 6ft uni-cycle and jump through rings of fire too.  i love/hate you  @mpolinar
dying inside 
Ughhh I just threw it out the window 
My roof leaked from all the rain so now i have a ugly wet spot on my roof in my bedroom 
What kind of hotel doesn't have a mini bar??? A bad one.  
layin on the floor in the corner kinda bored 
now i can never live my dream of looking out that giant window with all the people downstairs outside looking upp 
@ctrl_zed i hate them so bad  the top underneath has singlet straps
@PurseBlog shite . . . reception is on a rooftop 
Smashed my thumb hard tonight. I can see a dark red spot deep underneath. 
I hate shifting cube  
there is a hole in my pocket 
@ohaymaz ohman.  i hope your basement doesn't flood.   there was just the loudest crack of lightning ever.  holyfuck. asdf
@Silvialicious The gate was closed  It was a nice drive regardless.
my door opened and I thought it was puppy. suckks I was going to give him my ends of my sandwich. gosh I miss you puppy 
@badmummy ...and then I heard it run away and slam a door behind it 
@NathanFillion If only I could smell them from my front door 
@Zanettie olo  to the roof not the outlaw
I've just broken one of the panes of glass in the toilet door 
tweetdeck, why won't you minimize to system tray anymore? you clutter my already cluttered taskbar! 
@ydurran so very tired... woke up at ten past 7 and had to leg it out the door... haven't woken up yet!  Hows you?
I fell up some stairs and it really hurt  but then I saw elora danan so it made it much better.
I just scared the crap out of myself by thinking about how my glass of water on my desk could save me against the creepy aliens in signs. 
However! I do appear to have a small dent on the on the top of the glass screen 
However! I do appear to have a small dent on the top of the glass screen  less than 5 seconds ago
However! I do appear to have a small dent on the top of the glass screen 
@willtompsett The wings are missing off the one... they fold underneath &amp; a button shoots them up plus a missile thingie in front is gone 
going joggin on my jacks... 
@gdrage A dent on the top of the glass screen and scuff marks all round the bezel 
Gunshots! In my hood! 
@steamrunner  IWANT IWANT! but you can't take glass to #glasto 
i hateee tidying my rooom 
another log frame 
Still stuck in side some stupid clothes shop in meadow hall  still no apple shop 
so it's 8:03 and I'm not watching the short stack chat 
grazed my knuckle on the fridge door, spending the next 5 mins dabbing the blood off 
just bit the inside of my cheek 
My studio computer is doing some very crazy things today, and I don't like it! I would toss it out the window but I'm on the first floor. 
My main wheelchair ramps need replacing, today dad put his foot through one of them  but I'm totally housebound without using the ramps!
succesfully restored 2.2.1... on windows 
My tape is stuck in my car's tape deck 
@FireAtWillxx  i have it in front of me and i can't play it.
is wonderin why these windows are tiny... And my seat doesn't even have one 
@o2 good... but it would have been through the roof if the upgrade package was better 
There is a crack in my screen 
I seriously need to get out of this building. 
got to campus to find our reception tent and quad soaked... trying to clean up, but more storms on the way 
@drea_bolton I had to dash out the door, so no 
huge fire down my street last night. the leaking boot pub, has been knocked down now  had so many memories burnt to the ground! not cool
the cats apparently dislike where I moved the rocking chair - there was a hairball directly in front of it when I got up this morning 
Currently at the corner, haven't study the whole chaps  http://myloc.me/4t2U
it's raining  hanging out inside with my bro!
@nicolerichie I do love my blackout curtains but not when I wake up completely in the dark 
@lauragrene If only I didn't work in a basement 
So I found out my screen is so easy to put back in.. but only from the outside. 
Wishing I was outside instead of working inside packaging. 
Oh,no! I cleaned, steamed cleaned the spot and mopped the tile with bleach and the smell came back! I'll have to do the whole floor 
@arctic_penguin i think there are too much effects too.. i expected to see smth from the sneak peek where they were hanging on  ropes 
@grossiegross &lt;3!!! I hid under your porch...because I love you 
Ouch, seperating my arm from the sheet on my bed haha  I need some paper towels!!!  
They're doing it now   I seriously need a lock for my door.
im soo scared.. the loft hatch came down and now my purse is missing 
arghhhh! damn rubie cube! can't do it! 
one complaint about my new mouse - the clickable scroll wheel is not being recognized as the middle button - can't seem to enable it 
I almost hit a lady in the parking garage, I bet the would have ruined her weekend 
I almost hit a lady in the parking garage, I bet that would have ruined her weekend 
I think the new neighbours are watching me. The tables have turned and it's not nice 
@ellieq am v.worried for freddie, the crowd appear to be well on cairon's side 
@meabhaline top row at the front 
hit the edge of a grab bar on the treadmill stepping off the other day with my lower abdominal/uterus area.  Bruised and feeling the pain 
@quinnevengeance  Aww *snugs tight*
didn't know cleaning out my locker would be so sad 
just finished the front 9. i want to forget the front 9....  
my glasses make my hallway look like a funhouse &gt; 
This is the second time rodents have chewed apart wires in my engine.  Wtf?  Chambana chipmunks are costing me $$$ 
@jonconnelly Right now, I think that 230 is about as low as I'm going to be able to get trimming fat and building muscle. 
Apparently I have a leaky roof  big puddle in my kitchen and wet ceiling *sigh*
can't get back to sleep, sammi stole the doona 
the last of flat 23 left!  ... can always count on jack bauer to keep me good company though!!
nothing quite like taking your clothes off and then looking out the window and seeing 2 guys on a crane outside your window 
@tarbox41 beaming on the inside...it still hurts a little to much on the outside tho 
I love it when keys get stuck in doors while doing room checks forcing you to call security/maintenance to fix the problem!!! 
@quatromesas that is sad. pillars in the animal dens  really? really.
sitting on the stairs at the aquatic centre. i want to go home. 
awww a little boy is crying outside my window 
there's this man in our roof.. like literally in our roof.. I wana go up and look nowwww 
fell down a hole 
@nicolerichie I hover...toilet seats are alway wet with the flush spray...too yukky 
So it would appear that the cafe was sold out from underneath us despite a contract.  Looks like I will still be looking for a storefront 
@ArpiCmonNow naw im 2 old for the 18 and over scene  lol
trying to leave my ego at the door.... 
Y can we ru pwn tool on windows? Only quickpwn 
i hate my neighbors... they have a frog  and it sounds as if he is sitting under my window
http://twitpic.com/7uxrp still not listening to the aboriginals.  This sign is just in front of the climb.    #fb
#dontyouhate when u go to make spaghetti, and the saucejar  has all these fuzzy green balls all over the inside 
@jalant not in the window like that 
headache  goinq to bl0w smoke on the boardwalk w| my entourage. . . gahhh what 2 wearrrrr -thinks-
Aaw my poor doggy just tripped over my mom's laptop cord and hit her face on the floor. She spent like a minute yelping. 
Anyone see a black hoodie on the sidewalk or street? Its mine. I'd like it back, please! 
Is now too full.  but the wings were so good!!
There's some weird noises occuring outside my window... The lights went out...hiding in the closet 
it's so hot at work that i've resorted to standing inside the cooler 
My roof is leaking 
fuck. i barely dropped my mac on the carpeted floor (from the sofa) and when i open it now it makes a cracking sound. 
@xXFriendXx This one is still laying out in the yard by the driveway because I couldn't stand to touch it to move it. 
boredom creeping inside me 
@mylyfesongz I thought they were on my side too 
my whole right side is sore... 
@ChiefHava I have a new piece of span cedar to cut.  This one blew apart when we ran it through the planer today 
awkwardly in a bar. past my bedtime. 
@austrolatrish what door? 
Not so much the interrwined couple in front of us 
OUCH! we have a retro 50's diner style table/chair set - I just got up really quick - vinyl hurts when ripping off the skin of my legs 
I just hit my head on the ceiling on the staircase. That was stupid. And it hurt 
hugging my mac in front of gas heater, cold!!! headache... feeling blue 
Just fell down the stairs  hahaha
heh  bike party stops at red lights and doesn't ride on sidewalks (with a few exceptions  )
@greenrains It hasn't rained yet  the toad inside me is unhappy
is hurting inside again... (tears) (brokenheart)  http://plurk.com/p/12cc4c
empty....so empty 
@samm0elovesyou my driver door decided to never open again from both sides 
Shouldn't have gone to karoke. Parked in a bad spot and my car got towed. 
Just finished clearing out the basement it flooded 
Hoping she doesnt get kidnapped tonight after the scary footstep noises on the porch 
I'm stuck in an elevator right now. And I wish I was kidding 
BOOOOOO!!! the ball to my bellyring went down the drain  hopefully i find another one ..
My basement leaked 
@tomit I have the same dock-connector-display issue 
@groovygenie  hehehhe.... i know, poor substitute for a nice walk! but it's getting harder to smuggle her in and out the apartment 
Could really do with not being woken up to a torrent of water cascading down my bedroom wall 
great, the window froze 
THERE'S no flames anymore! How can there be no flames? 
@Chrisisaghost my basement leaked too. 
Really want to sleep, but they are jackhammering the floor downstairs 
There's a gecko looking at me through my window  i'm scared. Hahahahah
 lost my spot in front of the heater
... and they are back within hearing distance with windows closed and headphones on 
gosh! my atm card dropped inside the toilet bowl! 
@ilinajoy on the wall. belly dancing? you said you'd come with me and aleks 
my kitchen roof is still leaking! 
@facunditas weird inward opening patio door in bedroom &amp; curtain arrangement prevents such practicality 
@LittleFletcher i cried at bolt it was so sad 
@Linguick- It is not possible to write on your wall  
@pigsonthewing now I really am in the wrong building! all I have is a small bag o nik-naks!   #saturdayworkfail
My bottom two ribs (in the front) are always bruisey when i wake up. I somehow sleep on them. 
the touch could not be restored because the firmware file is not compatible.   *bangs head on the desk*  *bangs again*
A bit dissapointed there is no dock with this one, or nice screen wipe. It won't even fit in my 2G dock 
my aunts dog just had an accident on the floor..... 
Sitting inside by the back door, writing reports... it's raining! 
@IlTestaGrande no comment on the kitchen pass?  i left that just for u.
ceilings done! On to the edging then the walls 
ugh slept horrible without him by my side 
Is in walcop, and a duck just threw up in my bar! 
37 on the front, with a double and two 3 putts 
Off to pick wallpaper for our hall, stairs and landing. This may become quite expensive  x
Right time to repair bathroom after flood and also daughter pulled fittings out of wall  Then lawns, then buy boat cover...
@anjuan I always cry during that scene 
there's a creepy guy working in the basement. I'm scared to go upstairs because I have to pass him 
@MizzBassie  ya, he has a cage but Two-Legs let him out. He likes to run around on the floor. He don't fly. He hisses and charges me 
HUGE sparkling glass portrait of a jaguar at a yard sale in burlington. too expensive 
accidently pissed of amelie  now she is sitting on the other side of the bed throwing a tanty.
@squawkbox i think i spoke to soon, just got a wee blast of them walking past my window 
piggie because she's in the hot garage and everyone will play with her but not pick her up and take her outside   
diming the lights again, glowing inside again.. @thegetawayplan rocked. its sad to see a band with so much talent breaking up 
just got from the intelligent tower... 
The hall of prez is closed 
@PleaseBeMine I don't have floor  But I have the section above that. To me they're good seats 
is stuck inside trying to exercise because it's raining outside again. 
I chose one of the worst places to burn myself with a curling iron 
@catcherdudesmom I don't blame you, that's the only down side to it. 
@maxreemer what about when it's miserable inside too?  x
So the rosester has left the building 
@jordanbrock my memory is one off going down very fast on a muddy path front wheel 'tripped' over an exposed root and the rest is history 
I dropped some cement on the ground and i had to shovel it back on to the wheel barrel..... 
Just smacked my head off a brick wall  not good x
#potheadrule #107 - Never put a bong down on the carpet  *picks up shards of broken ash-catcher* at least the main part withstood the fall
Construction crew to build the backyard hallow tile wall showed up at 6:30 a.m.  With all the noise today, I'm the neighbor from hell 
Anyone have an idea why my window controls &amp; door lock button would just drop down into my car door all of a sudden?  Or how to fix it?  
need to prepare for the entrance though 
i feel i belong in the gutter... 
Walking out the door, its like a million degrees outside 
Oncall (for more than usual) and expecting trouble so I'm hiding inside and being productive. But my lamp is broken 
No dice on the condo. 
@staylor97 The red building is where we do woodwork at rainy days. It's real tiny! I want to turn it into a sauna, but the others don't. 
@MarkHorner at some stage ..not the engine plate 
.kick in it at my pad!!     not!!  
They say when god closes a door he opens a window...I can't seem to find my window 
mark derosa AND kerry wood on the visiting side really makes my heart hurt 
it would seem an area rug is simply not to be, before the party  It's ok - the new floor will be amazing!
i feel restless, confined to the 4 walls that is work 
@lightswitch911  i wont be able to make it! have a shot for me!
had to rethink the tile design  bust saved 1k next stop windows
I now have a wet ass due to the fact it rained and our seemingly dry patio chairs kept the water inside them 
@traciwei I wish my balcony got sun so I could tan but we are on the bad side 
@autumnlovechild me too..and where is my plate 
note to self... never attempt to breathe in fire with julie and kouryn.. it could result in a burnt lip 
I love the xagruian aragorgon lines created when you mow the lawn or vacuum the carpet. You get none when mopping though. 
@shwood damn, I need to try that, shame I'm on the wrong side of the pond 
I just ran into the door 
I miss my basement.  
working on the eagle project hungover was not too fun. and found out my stairs are a liability and had to dig them out. wtf 
Home would be nice right now. pool decks aren't comfortable to sleep on and i keep getting glared at when i use my favorite pillow 
@FashionLIFE babygirl stuck on the side of the road!!!!   
The moneys still on my floor 
I'm tired and bored  on the bright side i feel good!
@ddlovato i've been stuck in an elevator 2!!i was there for almost 1hour with the lights turned off!for 6 months i didn't use it again.. 
@theminimogul I'd actually prefer to hide under a floorboard right now 
@GrossMisconduct no, i don't! usually there's always a feature table even if it's not the final table, so i don't think so 
I am so conflicted inside 
i'm hungry too - freezer empty 
http://twitpic.com/7y6nf - That little piece of glass has been in my foot since yesterday. It hurt. 
She made me shut the door 
grrr! i want to shower already but dad is still fixing the window 
@queeenkong they cut the lock  I put it up against some railing.
@HeatherrKincaid I didn't hit him over the fence  no homerun for me.
owwww i just scraped my new tattoo on the side of the car door! it hurts. 
I have a piece of glass in my foot!!!! 
My lego castle is awesome, but it hurt my neck from the building 
cant stick a celing hook into my celing   There goes my decor plans!
@sophitchka Grats...our dining room table is a hand-me-down and the chairs came from a garage sale    but they were both free which rocks
@paulinahearts homieee will you please move down the street from me? you're too far  come back to meeeeeeee.
don't understand why someone have to throw my towel away when I left it on my locker lock, to dry last night. who's that evil one!!! 
@Kbomb1990 on my couch 
It's so fricken cold...the vent above my desk hates me 
someone threw up in a pint glass and left it on the bar  trying to shake that thought. i tried to throw it down the sink.. bad move
bugs on my window screen 
On a nonexciting note my window slammed shut and broke!  Now I need to figure out how to get it out to get to a window store??
Just had a large wooden picture frame fall from the wall and smack me straight in the face. I now have a fat lip and sore cheek.  
@Gaelicwolf no I don't  but I have a good seat in section B so yay for that! Lol
@birdman4512 The rotate button won't rotate the glass so I can read the words on the other side 
@web_goddess maybe damp. We have bubbles in plaster in front room 
@mrscottiebee aw i want some rooftop hang outs. 
So i am drunk...and as much as i want to hate him, i know deep down inside that i love him.  
wondering who the fuck threw up in the elevator...and failed to clean it up! that was one hellacious ride up to the sixth floor 
@boag48 my window is like broken so its always open.. 
@pheiV girl don hide in your cubicle! how i wish i had my own cubicle. my office is like traditional japanese style.. boss at front one 
I miss being 16 and dancing in the front row for my favorite band.  bring out the glitter em effers, I'm going to the front!
he should have never stepped infront of that bus 
No frontrow seats 
@brittt_babyyy i know i know! i was typing while not looking at the keyboard, trying to walk out the door, &amp; logout. that is what happens 
@AllTimeEmilyy almost got floor seats and backstage passes but then I couldtn 
going to bed without her by my side 
@taeguff i didn't even know they were going until they walked out the door i thought you were coming here  it was good to meet u though :
there was a roach in my ashtray when i went out to smoke earlier, and now i'm scared to go outside  i guess i'll go smoke in the garage...
@wondrous_as_u waited for davetoday. but he snuck out the secret entrance and elevator 
@tommcfly aww we thru maltesers on stage at westonbirt but som1 thru them 2 the corner of the stage 
damn cat, just went back to sleep in the corner of the bed. poop. 
I'm hungryy ... but cant be fxcked to go downstairs 
i wish boutiques were open this early.  i just saw some really cute tops thru the window of a shop   can i break it n grab?
Just died a little on the inside. 
i perfer george foreman grill i miss my grill  @starrahlicious
always make sure there isn't glass in front of something when you go to look at it...my head still hurts  x
@TeamXero I'll stick to the clipboard then 
there is a massive fly in the hallway! Its going to eat me! ahhh! 
@veganluke we've had wooden floor since I was 7 and it normally gets swept. do you hoover your sofa then??  they are making noise on purpo
@YourMrBumbles a near - complete renovation, chimneys taken away, new roof, new kitchen, new doors and windows, all rooms replastered 
ah great, I left my balcony door open while brushing my teeth and now my apartment smells like an ash tray... Why, smokers? Why? 
TSK! Not what I wanted to see! I wanted to find out how those street magicians levitate 
@urshalicious aww  well how about shooting inside??
I left my glasses on the other side of my room forgetting that i cannot see a thing more than 10cm away from my face without them 
Anto it's crying out side my window for me to let her in  I'm about to cry
my building got h1n1...dim suen... 
@JoseOmar u better not have been kidnapped and assraped in an alley somewhere! 
anybody with extra wilco ticket(s) maine state pier july 17?? TOTALLY missed that window 
The garage door won't open and my beetle is trapped inside!! 
 tired, empty, scared.
My littlesister fall down to stairs  it was terribly 
watching the window washers outside my window, you know, because the distraction is too much for me to get any work done. 
Car failed because of a cracked right-side rear view mirror. It was cracked last inspection and didn't fail for it. 
is again worried about the hamster  she is now curled up in a ball in the corner of her cage 
We are having technical difficulties with our rental truck. We used the side door briefly but now it won't close 
My doggie fell down the stairs 
I got my finger caught in the door and fell down the stairs 
I miss my hood ring...  
Its poaring and i just forgot i left the window open 
@Techmeyer so far it's a no go  but maybe next friday? we'll be celebrating our anniversary!
When one door closes another opens right?  Praying recent job chg is a door opening and not one being slammed shut in my face - again 
the mechanism to open the door to my gas tank broke &amp; I'm on empty...help 
I don't think I've mentioned a chipmunk that made himself at home in our garage by making a sand pile.  He ruined a blowup water toy. 
just went swimming with cheye, really fun but i scraped my chin on the pool floor.  weird i no.
@OMGitsJessieLee aw, she had your same chest tattoo then  and it was in midtown manhattan.
@poetick31 It is still primer... its going over paneling so I have to paint all the cracks with a brush &amp; then go over it with the roller 
Just heard gun shots in my neighborhood!!! 
I got in my first fender bender.  
Typical, reclining the seat is the best way to make goods in personnel appear! No shut-eye for me! 
ah! i stepped on a piece of glass then tripped 
@jacks_stache yeah 
 I just saw a huge spider crawling on my wall, then it went behind my bed!!
listening to music and dying inside 
i feel crushed inside    why me?
About to go inside the longggg lab 
@childhoodflames does that mean I shouldn't go with side bangs? 
Silly of me to install like one does in windows 
The front of my car is on the floor 
@andrewgoldstein building puzzles in iowa with @kaseyconn and not you 
Sitting here wishing my side would stop hurting!!!! 
I just broke the external door handle on my car, which wouldn't matter that much if the other external door handle wasn't broken too 
The window in my room might break in to pieces because of the strong wind! :s i heard that the typhoon is now on it's signal no. 2,oh no! 
left my lock on my locker . I think they cut it off already 
woke up feeling like i have a little angry man tearing at the inside walls of my tummy 
@ShakeMYPolaroid yes, but a caffeine migraine would be like forcing my head through a brick wall.    it is truly a sad existence.
@katinar What wall??    and what's this new fic? ;)
@DeeVAS amongst others! I'm pressing the block button and then pressing to confirm I want to block, but they wont go 
http://twitpic.com/8729c - in the gutter again 
mending fences.  Literally.  A tree fell across our neighbors fence and took out their new playhouse too 
i can't find my stickie pad 
Too hot to keep the windows closed and too noisy to sleep with them open. 
ceiling fan is up, finally and now I can get back to drawing, only if I could figure out what is wrong with my scanner 
It's awesome outside. And I'm stuck inside studying 
@servicemagic I'd be more of a 2 story loft- they didn't have one though. 
@RosalieCullen its my own and i dont know how to fix it, i think the springs are broken inside 
eff my life  just dropped my lip stud into the abyss beneath my desk... it's never coming back.
's window card is a bust  I got rid of all my punches and now I wish I had them...stupid coluzzle.
One side of our lab smells like one big funky foot 
@Emanthei I know... such a bad table!! 
@SamanthaNandez ok  you wanted to jump out a window....bahahahahaha that made me giggle.
@Propa_ its too late I'm hurt  only way to make it bettr is to cook and let me get a plate 
@denisequest i stubbed it while walking up the stairs 
*sigh*  my youngest really does hate me.  I feel like a broken record and a piece of dirt off the bottom of a shoe 
the cube people (upack.com) are really pushing their 1-5pm delivery window 
@EricaB11 has left the building! 
At summa camp . . . bottom bunk 
@kjannfischer yep - died as I was backing out of my parking space 
@CaliLiVe they closed!  know any in the hood?
i really considered cooking an egg on the pavement....but i then realized the nosy neighbors wouldnt be happy with me 
@Roxieroxes hey so I looked and I only have one sheet left of the iron on paper 
Snuggled in bed - missing my baby @joby866 baree  xxx
This just in: the slug made it to metropark. &amp; we're at a stand still outside of tumbleweed station. 
gutted, head like a hole is postponed 
@amberlily I just tried to get in and all I got was a blank screen 
aw the housekeeper got stuck in the elevator 
I am having hot flashes at my desk.  Not what's good in the hood.
@MyCatCrash Awww...no more space boot?  
A hornet flew in my window &amp; had me running around the house! It finally went out the frt door but not b4 one last attempt to attack me! 
OK....so I got a webby....but don't see a backpack on my porch 
There's no cold side of the pillow 
I feel so bad for my neighbors pit he's just howling so sad 
kkkso i feel like fallling asleeep but there are these loudd crickets just chilllen outside my window conducting a symphony. ://///////// 
went to ikea. bought some ekby's and bjarnum's. drilled into my asbestos filled walls. feel like i have lung cancer now. 
http://twitpic.com/8clcb awe I'm so cute with my tiny tea cupboard. I only het a small space tho 
got boo boos from broken glass 
Flat tire on the *side of the 405 
@whyitsjeff No dice, that's when rehearsal starts for me.  I think I'm going to go find a corner to cry in...
@DavidGibbons  I think those skates in my basement are going on the garage sale table...
just quit hungry jacks! 
swallowed the ball of my tongue ring for the first time  I feel weird. I have a pieace of metal inside me!
ahh, there's a spider on my ceiling! 
me too...but im hurting inside.. 
I rented a shockmount that works w/a hot shoe!  I definitley did not want this boom pole 
i was txting and walked into a fence 
dollhouse panel at comic-con. and i dont get to go 
so shattered i didnt get tix to epic take 40 short stack live lounge 
My ceiling is leaking...sleeping on the couch 
lol i bit my tounge. twice. once on each side. 
needs to get her posters up on her wall cause they're taking up space otherwise. 
@JOJOSWRLD89 well sadly our generation is full of gorgeous women who don't love themselves on the inside so the outside don't even matter 
the fact that i can smell my neighbors mulch through my window is making it hard to sleep. my room smells like poo 
Sitting in front of the vanity mirror in my new room for the next six weeks, bored and too far from the city to do anything about it. 
Getting an injection inside your woohoo is just not fun 
Sheesh, its hot outside... Not mention indoors 
Sitting at desk...gazing out the window and wishing i wa sout there instead of being stuck indoors...  
is going to drag myself out the door and go to work 
got up on the wrong side of the bed 
is disapointed that the broncos are only 7th on the ladder 
Crying because I'm going to miss my doggy and she's crying at the door while I wait for the elevator 
creepy guy who peers into the newsroom window... not cool 
@Polledemaagt keep me updated because floor was already full when i came in  #nmd09 #cliniclowns
@garrynewman It's now officially impossible to build in gMod: not being able to noclip into the ground ruins pretty much everything. 
is wondering what the weird noise is that is coming from the underside of my passengerside dash.... 
Just saw a dead deer off to the side of 295 
i dunno why but it hurts deep inside 
@gymnosophy your right there although I couldnt manage painting the front of my house nude it's on a road  ah well almost time for a hike
It's really hot outside, but i've to learn for my testweek 
@scrapiana I was all set to bid but my cupboard's not deep enough 
@VentnorBlog It made me realise I really ought to fix my fence... 
@brlittle Not even. That would be kind of cool. I have wings 
@dtagurit I was backing into a parking spot 
building 6 servers at once  sad....
birds keep flying in to the window 
@rainyrane I hope you find you keys! 
Is banging his head against the wall with his dreamweaver template - can't get it to hide my optional editable region 
@MTVBuzzworthy i was at the movies today and in the toilet cubicle it said &quot;elmo was here&quot; on the wall - i didnt have my camera though 
why does it have to be so freaking hot out side....it sucks to work in 
its too hot to drive with the windows down 
metro is too crowded to tweet and it's at least 35C inside 
@AravindJose never thought they were going to change the entrance marking scheme so fast 
Just heard that my fav local restaurant is being sold...hope the new owners don't change the menu or the inside or staff or...anything! 
Chilly coffee on the deck ;-) Cats didn't show 
sitting in the parking lot back from lunch...i dont want to go inside  too perfect out for laying in the pool
@enbaldarlingg No, that's just the mirror you're looking in. 
is now using windows and tweetdeck... temporarily... 
I'm always here Juliet, always. I will always be right where I've always been, outside your window. 
@mpesce they leave it on the street and string the hose up over the balcony 
my deck 
@Maggotron haha! we think it might have been a little old lady that lives 2 doors down. She must be more nimble than we though 
voting for short stack on hot 30 
@yandle Aww, I wish I'd been looking out the window - or on the balcony doing something silly. 
@jinjaDev watch out for the 2pm brick wall that jumps out at you once the caffeine rush ends 
Finished my first shift and doors are opening already! 
@cathyjh the moss wall  (i want one) and the black board. hehehe i would like to say i drew the shark but i didnt. *evil laugh*
@TTOBF a wall plug for charging? If so, yes I do and I can bring it 
@snapedinhalf I DO!  A lady on ebay made em for me.  She painted slytherin crests on the outside, and dark marks on the other side! 
@ryanseacrest I say pocket square. I think it looks better 
@thatalisongirl I think the ginger next door are having a fight, like a bad one! I don't know what to do 
We all know - short stack 
@01000101 @Fulltimecasual is searching for you, I'm sitting on the sea wall in a fedora. 
going to lay on the balcony . it's so hot.. 
As you climb the ladder of success, be sure it's leaning against the right building 
@angelajames i take it you're downtown  if you're on north michigan avenue, the lush inside of macy's is right across street from borders
@shazzyboo deep down inside 
@nessiec345 breakfast is on the table 
I love you, you love me, lets nail barney to a tree, a shot rang out and barney hit the floor, no more purple dinosaur. 
going to explore some hole in the wall restaurants around aiea side tomorrow for our b-gourmet article. I love mom-pop stores 
@Bagstheboss ur in my hood 
@britl funny. The carpet looks the same here at yyc's gateway 
Could someone tell me about tweet deck? Is it true you put your status in and it goes automatically to fb and my space? 
I feel bad but then. i dont.  made me happy  chans is drying her pants on the window xD just chillen
cleaning my rooom 
has just done some basic grocery shopping... now right back to the lounge chair in the sun!  #fb
@trvsbrkr awesome! must have a minor forrest on your floor? 
NOW we're off the ground. 
@tommcfly romina is in front of you (y) have an freaked out show!  ilyyy
@HealerAvalaura tie a sheet to two poles...homemade hammock 
@WerewolfJacob I'll re-follow you later, flooding all my wall here!  xoxo, see you
back to sideways 
I'm addicted to the magic bullet infomercial! Haha 
@annapires oh THAT wall  thanks, it was indeed a successful experiment
@dahowlett no, just not useful at a noisy indoor swimming centre... 
@fabuloustoccara little rock, ark.! you look familiar too! haha, well duh. every1 knows u 
...... out in the museum downstairs. 
@KenGriff I guess I'm on the other side.. ahahah 
@michellem - did you opt in to &quot;watch&quot; the launch?  I saved you a front row seat 
The basement is empty except for the stupid cool shelves. 
@casual_intruder @highdigi  I'm excited already 
@amiemccarron I don't drink  I have had a glass of red and a glass of white this year that is more then I normally ever have 
@tinnion great colour, like the safari roof too. 
@assaadawad Is that a gun in your pocket or you are just happy to see me? 
@definetheline he is! I'm very happy that that button is in the bottom left corners now 
chilling with stacks 
Likes the SUMMERiness outside her window 
I got a new fountain pen, and I rather like it 
today's to do list: repholster my louis arm chair &amp; assemble fabric covered cork boards for a client 
we're putting up the trampoline  The snow has finally melted enough in the front yard.
@producergirl And how do u like ur eggs sunny side up ? 
has just successfully ironed the dents out of the carpet 
So much bass... but I'm on the lookout for another TS12 sub to put @ the back of the room....1000W of bass seems reasonable to me 
;;i should tell you. i should tell you.  likes to snuggle in her bed while her window is wiide open.  gunna draw 
Just got back from my first shift as a desk recep for my hall 
@thecomicproject 3rd front poster is simple and best   #IndiaVotes09
@necolebitchie that's why we love you necole! You don't put up a front &amp; you act like yourself 
@inkcanada did you buy any windows? 
@mikkipedia You are welcome. I am still chuckling inside about the image of @johnroderick and his hotel mini bar 
@svennehaa At least you can be nice and warm inside! 
i LOVE our basement 
@Schofe who were the guests?   and go on have a glass! ..or 2
@SuzeOrmanShow I want to come to the studio and sit at your desk and push the the pedals 
oh, and by steps, i meant like the front porch steps. not the stairs in my house. didn't want to confuse anyone. 
@mxjxharris Agree with you!  Definitely love glass when comparing Daiginjos 
can smell big change around the corner! Always a sweet aroma  http://www.partydavo.com
fly on the wall on disney 
this would lookk good on my wall         http://www.glamourkills.com/design/1169/SkateboardDeckPackage
i am cold. and listening to short stack  haha
a quick check,have to do some vacuumcleaning and cleaning the windows i can't see the sun anymore 
corrected my own post...watching outside through a window of my train, the sight is blue like im at the bottom of the sea. its beautiful. 
@tuileries lol  I always feel awfully guilty when Jehovas come to the door too - I can't send them away or just say I'm not interested.
@robschmob @JohnPeel if you two want to come i need to know quite soon btw. There's limited spaces 
sunbathing on the funlop roof... 
final leg of the #ukflood repairs; builders have taken the porch out &amp; are making the new one. 
@ddlovato They just say that because they dont want you to open that door  xox
I'm boiling a hole heap of eggs to see which one fitts in my protective eggbox 
@RossKnight Actually there are two locks on the sides, and the lower latch keeps baby houdini from making his great escape 
Just put an alarmingly large deposit down for a new fireplace -- the current one looks as if it SHOULD go into a fire! 
Just watching the hummingbirds outside my window  !!
@oscartrelles yes, cause you like your crazy 25 window tweetdeck that needs a whole monitor to use! 
on the office front step wondering why i can see everyone's wireless network but ours... even dare's a block down! lovely morning though 
@didilaksana I almost went over its garden because i thought it was a road to the lobby. 
@keithpscott gentleman you knocked at the wrong door then.... 
@jennitalula damn, must try other ways of getting you to answer the door naked! 
Smiling on the inside but pissed as hell on the outside 
going downstairs to discuss the tent situations for camping  wooo
@an_other lol, i'm not staring at the walls yet ... 
@nathanryder yep.  It's visible on google street so I'm just making directions- if they're clear enough might be as easy to meet there
kissing on the floor = cute 
Double seat, double seat, got to find a double seat! No, we need to be near a door apparently  http://twitpic.com/3pibf
@andyiomoon Out of the gutter, now. 
garage a tois @ one-eyed jacks n da quarter 
@snipershome  i think its kinda spinkling, i can spell it hehe hte sidewalk smell 
@andrewquills Why did you close your door? I was listening to it as well! I love this song.  
You're the missing piece I need, the song inside of me, I need to find you .. 
@JordanWhyt a few posts on a forum...that doesn't sound big  sounds like the door is opened and you are about to step both feet out of it
With this plasma in my bedroom window I'll never have to see the outside world again  http://twitpic.com/4dz3d
@cftilley I was never good at waiting.  How are the new floors?
@thurisaz83 and the floor swallowed them whole? 
@Aydsman sif get a ricer and not a huge blow-off valve  you make your presence felt when you come around the block shifting gears 
@hansonmusic http://twitpic.com/4deja - wow, i would love to have that on my wall. 
@interpunkt Its easy as long as you apply the emulsion to the screen correctly  you just need the right amount of water on the screen! &lt;3
Any of those silverlight booklets like at webDD09 floating around #dddscot? If so please grab one for me  I left mine on train home.
@mileycyrus ikr. i lov 2put my feet on dashboard-when u do pilates/yoga u always want to sit in weird ways rite!-in for the kill-la roux 
@LaurenFisher the best seats are around row 16 - over the wings, xtra leg room 
what a splendid night in... thai food, a great movie, and a heavy storm outside my bedroom window.. mm 
finally 18  wants short stack to come to perth 
@katieclemons just think of it as one big wall.  
@KalvinClein EVERRRRR. *let's roll around on the floor* 
@mikos ha ha, I nearly used mine in anger! That is I nearly threw it out of the window 
@AlohaArleen The same reason we push the elevator button to make the elevator get to us quicker  
@DonnieWahlberg I would open the door and probably even invite you in 
@JJFeeney haha! enjoying a glass myself as we speak! 
@nadinee lol stop it - they are in the bin now  i have actually upgraded from dining table to an actual desk
@nadinee its an old 1950s one with drawers and scratches and I love it 
@PreDivorcePower More like outer circle, not inner circle...stepping back from a lot of distractions, thankfully.  
how'd i turn my shirt inside out 
I totally forgot how great I am at throwing shapes on the dance floor !!! 
@alivicwil If you stretched the tea towel taut, and pinned it to a wall, it could double as art. 
@NomadWanderer yeaaaaaaaa i was sing along with 3 doors down 
back from the block  its looking heeps good
@Werecat1 The rack will help. 
@fictillius I (will) have one wall of metallic. 
@bswain or pretend to have fallen down the stairs 
@runnerkara I just looked out the window :-/ I think so!! Nervous 
oooh change of music   i'll bleed on this dance floor just to get your attention, ily wherewolves @shaundiviney spelt with a H!
is abt to head out the door to go to church! 
@abbyder to be even more specific, im sitting on that window sill you tried out with a purring cat in my lap... 
wood picnic table, planter boxes, wood crib, gas cans, tile (kenton north portland): table just needs a fresh coat of paint  3 planter..
@Preyamongwolves Oh. I'll leave the building then 
call the cops i just murdered the dance floor  pulling an all nighter sweeeeet
just chillin at the pad 
i may just be to happy i feel a fall coming on i hope its just the the last step on the stairs 
Watching stomp the yard 
I iz happy window slide shut smooth 
i know there are great comic strips about surveillence,  i just can't remember any of them 
writing a case study on natural ventilation... so, any good naturally ventilated buildings? cause no, a home with windows does not count 
natsuki is going through my drawers 
My dog tried to jump the walls of my fort and nearly fell off! I had to save her. 
@TheDandyWarhols keep the shotguns off the dance floor. 
@hivoltzholly: holly...did you put a 1 in front of your area code? that's what it said to me b/c I didn't do that. 
@FoluB pebbles thrown at windows should get *someones* attention 
Another water leak in my appartement. The good side is that I get to meet the girls previous &amp; next floors 
One of my kits has just brought in a mouse &amp; is eating it in the lobby. I'm sure I feed them enough! 
@iantalbot You're still welcome - the door's wide enough for your zimmer frame 
installed ubuntu 9.04 on my office lap! yaaaaaaaaaaaay!   &quot;install under windows&quot; feature rocks!! #awesome #ubuntu #excited
Trued a rim!  I'm getting good at this! o_O
finish some sketches und then go out an skate! Yeeeehaaa! got a new deck 
@supermouse104 hey arthur! i forgot to say thanks for the flag... it is proudly displayed on my bedroom door! you are a witty one 
@dexmans why windows vista 
@_IANNE I'm at the terrance middle by the left side center. I see u 
is almost over the legal limit of db at the garage. 
@ADKmama I'll have to add your shop to my favorites! I love your needle wraps. Right now my needles are all in a mess in a basket 
@donttrythis Something like that happened to me once: We closed the side door too hard and the engine locked up 
@ggenung gables apartments has corporate and their nice. 
@NathanFillion Your window ledge is decorated quite appropriately. I love it 
@PerryMarshall  I was seeing only one side of it, but it looked interesting.  And deep.
@sumtxkid loved our lil tent-side jam session/mosh pit!!! EDGEFESSSSSST!!! 
So anyone looking for a vinyl-clad playset with a 30 year mfr warranty? 3 slides, 4 swing slots, rock climbing wall, more! Amish built! 
@MacQuid Soetimes I envy those who have spent their whole lives in one place and have deep roots... the grass on the other side syndrome! 
Playing castle crashers 
only just realised theres loads of black lambies outside her kitchen window! awh 
@ohsamzy you're sitting in front of me eating your prawnnn 
@skibbymeow we gots a short stack one 
Up the hill behind cottage for mobile phone reception; a gang of running hares were surprised to find me sitting in a sunny corner  
@legnirK uuuuuh soft and pearly grey!  I love this new furry floor!
popping next door for bbq 
@Gertrudesteinjr fwiw, I think the indoor shot is slightly better. Both are good though. G'night 
@sofiesunshine Blocks D, E and F, and the front blocks of the side tiers  x
@warren83 Hey there  How are you?
i would  die for you on skyway avenue. 
@kellman Are they complete with door noises? 
@papercranes that's why its good to keep a few emergency cliff bars in the glove compartment 
yay for easy street!  owned at jump roping. ;]
@nottweeting All over the floor, and then into a trash bag. 
I only bleed on the inside 
i hath apple jacks 
Seriously. How can you lose when you've got @JDTwitt (docFather) and @grantgriffiths (blawgfather) on your side 
@nicholasmegalis haha, that wouldn't surprise me - that yahoo had a retirement section, or that the retirees wrote about tinted windows 
Yay, got parking right around the corner  - http://bkite.com/07o9q
Quiet on the hosting front atm... 
@bellmyer It's ok to love your pipe, just don't *love* your pipe... 
@bllix What is with you and tripping down stairs? 
@henry_maddocks I had an idea this morning of putting large mirrors just outside the windows to direct light from above straight in 
@indakno I'm reading over it now  moving upward big homey
@RadiVangelova lmao I went to 106 and park but didn't get in, and dawnie wus in front of the building 
@dennishwang lol, it's so that microsoft will make windows less annoying 
http://twitpic.com/556k1 - FINALLY, they made it on the wall! haha this posters about 15 yrs old!!! 
@beam_orangery few = phew... 
Going down the street for a few bits and then...chilling. 
@ M's recital with T.  M told me to get good seats, so we ate front row center. 
http://twitpic.com/55e6o - A view out of my kitchen window 
getting ready... i just realised i need wide open spaces  [excluding the hubbster]
@awyeahbabe see you there ill still let you get top bunk 
@abbiiix abbieee! im sitting in catering over the road from you haha, well not over the road like in a room opposite you but..  x
@99seats  You'll get the hang of it! 
painting a chalkboard wall @PourhouseCafe ... hope all goes well 
@ddlovato celebrities! You girls are soooo amazing  you's are beautiful on the inside and out  xoxox
I'm in a door knocking war with my neighbors  we knock on their door...then go back into our rooms....and they do it back
standing in front of coffee scene with my boyyy, steph and victor 
bahahahaha, just fell over on my desk, and my dog is lying down in front of my bedroom window. ... she's an idiot. 
The murals at the library are going to be pretty kickass once we finish them.  I even got to the fourth rung of the ladder today!
@wrecklessly @kittykittyws  Donunt tossing on his pole 
Thinking about my new greenhouse window coming on friday sweet 
meganandliz = amazing. pictures of them are starting to take over my bedroom walls 
http://twitpic.com/5cilc - The view from my bedroom window an hr ago 
@Colvinius It was a unisex loo @ a cafe :p I don't mind if u lot leave the seat up &amp; p everywhere in exlusively male domains 
@Kaners76 On the plus-side I finally got my beloved recliner fixed, and i bought my first nice computer chair! I be comfy! 
@djsirvere not if the anticipation was huge, just red inside 
@JessWoodall get some binoculars and stare back at them. oh and turn your lights off and hold a torch underneath your face 
@domgoldfish http://twitpic.com/5coo6 - Hopefully the mini is stored safely in ur garage 
http://twitpic.com/5cruk - mom screamed my name in the bathroom, when i opened the door. this what came in my face.........bubbles!  o ...
in @snajd 's hood - shopping for a lamp 
@thejetset lol I know, I just wasn't bothered to go downstairs and boot it up to check 
@bradiewebbstack short stack are in tending topicczzz 
@ChrisJohnRiley come on, having a pineapple plugged into your wall is just going to look suspicious! 
Enough for now  I was never mad at short stack
yay, i got it, i got it. *bounces* getting dressed now and then i'm out the door. 
Sitting on my floor listening to short stack &amp; updating me myspace 
@hugslenali goodmorning beautiful, got to clean up a basement after eating my McDs deluxe breakfast 
@callie80 you get his plate #? You can call it in. 
@polhillian I want to watch it, i do, but robin hood prince of thieves is on five 
@RenishaSoFly i lovvveee cold stone 
So I may have just ordered another glass... We are on vacation after all!  chicken wings  = delish!!!!
Doing some onine window shopping 
I won a goldfish at the carnival! He's sitting right beside me 
It takes a crane to build a crane.... 
biking over to metro park on the east side...   
Moving accross the street. 
there is a parade outside my window...  hmmm... maybe its for me  
@melody OK *shoves you on to the floor* 
fighting a mildewy basement in hopes of making a brewhouse come to life 
@sdtips and cafe222 is good (besides being local).  just around the corner.
@darlyn1 holy crap. in your yard i take it? take a pic out the window 
@GeekyAtheist awwwww  what a cute idyllic scene, lol
Sitting on my lounge window seat, counting my many blessings 
@hnprashanth use shutdown -s -t 0 on windows 
Just made his deck probably about 3x better 
enjoying my clean terrace  
We should build the eiffiel tower out of plastic  so we dont use wood tm loose oxygen or medal to rust and fall i can be smart sometimes
With the windows open, it's cold in my apartment. But I like hearing the rain softly hitting the windows. They'll stay open for awhile. 
I can finally see my floor 
@jilliebfree Lol. I do too but have you ever tried to iron a tablecloth- just when u think u r done- the other side is wrinkled again... 
Best view yesterday..balancing on a planter ledge for 2 hours was totally worth it. 
@AngieMac78 so now i just park in the garage and it doesn't matter if i leave the window open 
the wall on vinyl 
@zomgannalolz gwar ducking under a table during an earthquake 
@Voiceofreason69 16 hour window?      I had to cut grass and do a few other chores ;)
i think i will watch dollhouse ep 5 
@doublethecookie atrium. 
There's a guy with some blood on his chin standing in front of me on the tube. I reckon his weekend has been wildest than mine 
I'm happy knowing that you are mine, the grass is greener on the other side 
There seems to be a lovely empty desk in the corner well away from all the madness - am going to see if I can get my paws on that 
@RajaSen  i know ur a dilliwallah. which is i was hoping you'd stand up against the mumbaikar lobby ;-) i'm planning to see it again, tho
http://twitpic.com/5f0s8 - sunset...view from our rooftop's studio 
can you believe after party for great wall marathon was up 103 stairs__cruel. @mediahunter that is three references! 
@winyeemichelle Ahh welll on this side of the grass i blame women 
@gialyons I think smoke bombs would be easier than @cjlyons smoke contraption 
university future [insert question mark here]. just happy to be home in front of the heater 
looking for a fresh longboard deck 
@steve_moss was said item empty when you left it on the roof?? 
@kdwegs Do you have a ladder? If so, rather do it yourself 
@RebeccaCramp sitting in front of you dude. how's it going w/ your chronicle? 
@rickypl1978 LOL my friends hubby plays as dies my next door neighbour he goes up the loft 
@james_brooks home grown salad as well  on my kitchen window sill
wow, that didnt take long, it just got a hole in it. it didnt go everywhere though 
@callumlinden Just visible beyond the fountain for those who've not been here.  http://twitpic.com/5f4gh
@DreamingSpain Or alternatively you could put in some openable windows 
@theknickermafia back under the stairs, your safe. 
@IrishLad585  O_O  the furnace is on? oh wow! I have my windows opened 
there's a cat at the bus stop that looks like garfie  I think its the cat who comes by my window and has a staring contest with garfie hah
@robertbasic another to the dark side!! yay 
@justads hehehe...i refuse to pick a side....best of both worlds for me...im greedy 
is sitting in the porch 
is going to look for new wallpaper. feature walls are the future. 
@Rogerthatv2 Speedholes! I can do them with a pickaxe and 5 minutes!  You drive it nicely ya hear! 
Looking at Negs through a magnifying glass..i feel like a spy  Yay!
I am out the door 
@sendtocindy   I LOVE that photo, that's a beautiful field you're in front of (and you're beautiful too!)
heartbeat my stereo skyline makes me happy, what a classic haha 
damn mike and you run a out door shop  lol how long with cast?
@ktdeeds I need to try peeling off some of that wall paper tonight. 
at the nct centre laughing at helpless looking blokes staring through the glass 
No good deed goes unpunished: just got berated for holding open the door for a woman running towards the metro 
Watching wall-e 
Sure beats taking an elevator to work! 
@lizziboo_etsy i agree!!! maybe i will pick some up when i go get hangers. 
@nkotb u know nautinkotbkitty will be there! or should my voyeur side truely come out?? 
@787yghoi It's probably not often that a stone is surprised 
i love my tech deck. 
@donmelton you can get some two blocks away 
have wings will travel 
@Shaniscool throw it against the wall 
Just rocked out to untouched  take me on the floor seems good to have next :p
@delia_p you had enough paint palette door tags for my 13th floor!!! yay 
the tingtings on my pod.  missed listening to them.
@BedlamB It's all good  I just prefer him at the front, not as bait per se, but so his gun is pointing away from me...
Wow! The cafe in lasalle open its door already guys!! 
@jaiotu the slab said,you crack me up...   hahahahahahahaaha
sweet weekend around the corner 
i hear movement on the other side of my wall..... i think its almost time to leave 
If you clean your behind your bottom front teeth with an electric tootbrush in an up right swaying motion it sounds like a didgeridoo 
Looking at some new glass 
watching 21.. trying to find @kriswilliams81 in a bar scene 
The golden arches of breakfast  - http://mobypicture.com/?qdaz1t
The golden arches of breakfast  - http://mobypicture.com/?b1hmtv
...although with the code on the door not working maybe they wont be able to get back in 
Reminiscing... this used to be my street corner... read this poem on the wall every day  http://bit.ly/fHuA7
@ILuvMyiPhone88  you def want like a tech corner 
@ramdomthoughts the only crack I've ever had is in my wall 
@froodie couch, floor, bed, the whole lot! The duvets, throws and sleeping bags are piled up 
We work very hard in 2pad  ? http://2pad.com?6sjrvg5v
Filling in spaces. Nothing more. Going to sleep soon 
@Llubyloo it will be ready as soon as you walk in through the door 
yay for #bradiewebbstack  i looove short stack. 
ahahahahah can't stop laughing because of that plates-scene 
@_Kahee_  i have to put your drawing on my wall 
@philles she looked at the door, and stepped away 
ground swell = amazing 
@mattmagic He kindly took them out of the building. Hopefully there will be some steps involved somewhere 
Going to buy a ladder 
@sexysapphire nasty? are you like on the roof cleaning the gutters with an oozing infected kitchen wound ? now that's nasty 
http://twitpic.com/5osym - They look pretty on my wall 
@ryawho i'll check it first. i'll send you a glass soon 
I've got windows 7 
@GraceWelch or knock on the door. 
@SpeedTheSpartan welcome to my twitta hood 
@yiamme820  @DJFIFTHELEMENT has nice backyard, with grill, we can do it there, and @mrgrant04 can be working the grill himself 
out in my terrace tanning! 
@luciedgar your backyard, my backyard, the middle of the desert, anything is fine by me 
@mygearstore you guys are awesome  and very creative! that my gear bar looked mighty delicious haha
@AdenStoneXXX  that wigs looks better on the floor along with all your other close then you got it 
@brittEhrhorn just go to the door and tell them you're on the list. the merch booth is right inside the door. i'll meet you there 
@AMomTwoBoys No, that's now it happened.  It was simply going down some stairs, perhaps too peppily.
I just wrote all over my mirror 
@michellekenobi It's free, and I think it starts around 8ish. But get there early if you want a good seat on the lawn. 
VegGarden @johnembrace interesting..maybe there is some truth to growing green for your table... will save the green in your wallet! 
@mamaskates crap that smoking dragon incense burner is phat! 
http://twitpic.com/61gay - Yesterday I saw a double rainbow in front of my house 
@sherryinbc Haha..I'd be right there on the floor with you 
@cavy624 well i hope you like it when you get it  i was hoping ups would leave it by the door, C didn't think he put sign only on it, lol
You're with me. You're right in front of me. What more could I ask for? 
finally got oblivion working with windows 7 
puro three door's down 
@GreatDismal I actually don't feel right without my 'butt-brick' - so give up the holy war already 
@volatilegemini I live in a basement.  Thats why i am so mysterious.
@cognoscento I wouldn't know. I was in with the out crowd. 
And it's not just ANY shovel.  It *folds*! 
@KellzP Haha, didn't do it, went for the wings instead 
bring fire, lots of fire for the zombies. they cant hurt when they cant touch because their arms are burnt off 
@ohmymae haha!  can you give me a glass of icetea??? haha! it's so hot here
finally trying beanstalk for real  bang!
@TheMonkeyBoy again in the gutter  #expectnothingless
@pcsketch well then close some windows ;) Or get a separate monitor just for twittering 
!@#$%^&amp;* should go crawl under a rock... and stay there 
i love u short stack!! 
@theknickermafia  Did you share a tent?
@sheilmcn @glittrgirl ... but I can report that they take up most of the porch 
@Cynnergies  i relented and got 'the deck' ...now i need the  under the table tipsNtricks to do more than groups 
@overheardatmoo really not sure abut meatcards  - intrigued about the gongs though - how big/small? sit on desk? carry in pocket?
