Most common words for this cluster:
[('windows', 238), ('http', 161), ('server', 154), ('quot', 153), ('xp', 123), ('vista', 122), ('linux', 121), ('ubuntu', 118), ('com', 115), ('time', 109), ('firefox', 105), ('php', 96)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'VS.NET', 0.8066032528877258), (u'ColdFusion_MX', 0.8022515773773193), (u'XAMPP', 0.7991613745689392), (u'MonoDevelop', 0.7988900542259216), (u'Firefox', 0.7889587879180908), (u'Zenwalk', 0.7889195084571838), (u'NET_runtime', 0.7865356206893921), (u'OS', 0.7857193946838379), (u'Java_VM', 0.7810414433479309), (u'OS_X', 0.7802886366844177)]





I'm afraid I had bad code. 
amazon s3 plugin not worked in my website . it need PHP 5 . but my hosting provider has only PHP 4.4  . very sad.
doesn't enjoy learning CSS. 
@vivekg86 Good to hear that we have support in NetBeans. But then its NetBeans you know 
@linuxfoundation - Who should I contact if I need a 1099 for freelance work I did on Linux.com throughout 2008? Never got one. 
equinux.com just crashed safari tks you! 
Loves what #drupal file framework module could do, but is sick of Bitcache errors making it impossible to upload files 
I think my email / domain is being blocked by  Akismet 
@aliceverheij on MS XP im afriad  laptop is about 3yrs old and think its just a bit messed up 
Omg, whats with Windows Vista today. Tried installing it on my Windows 7 laptop and its died! Reinstall 
Sometimes YouTube has no sound on Ubuntu 
ARGH...Firefox has just removed a Bookmarks folder - my SharePoint folder including all links within   No idea why/how
PyPI fail: Installing Markdown with pip and easy_install downloads the Python 3 version 
Added the DNS system, compatibility is okay and am looking forward to the possibilities now open. But I need to rework the intro sequence 
ugh.  stupid bug in SpamAssassin rule-QA backend discovered, it's going to take some fixing at some point.  adding to the TODO list 
dontcha just love microsoft corrupted open XML documents. 
it'd be great if some opensource luminary would record 'talk' files for #rockbox  the daleky voice is unimpressive 
there is just something wrong with stupid Vista  I hate it.......
Just booted into Windows to upload something since Internet is even worse under Ubuntu 
#mmuk09 Moodle 1.x must upgrade to 1.9 before being upgraded to 2.0 - Themes will probably break though 
dotnetnuke.com is down   Server Error in '/' Application.
Archiving project files to SharePoint. This is not fun 
That IIS-Crash is a tough nut   Posted to newsgroup: http://is.gd/raIp
@ammarz I could not install it for XP users here in Aramco, Vista users have no problem, weird 
@Seamonkey86 I am on a healthy eating kick! I could only have shetland pony. 
just fired up the laptop to &quot;failed to connect to services&quot;  same as last week. Looks like rolling back to Vista till RC 
@lizzy1e Just out of interest how much RAM does that laptop have? Vista is very memory hungry... 
here at working going through SNMP trap logs....2 more hours and I'm out of here...didn't get to study 
@quii  Jealous Java programmer -&gt; @HeyChinaski
Firefox 3 is so frustrating sometimes. Crash every 2 minutes without notice 
@chriscanal webcast sounds cool. Interested to hear what you've got to say on Rhino.ETL as we've still got projects stuck in SSIS 
@techathead no, but my blackjak's media player is corrupt (even tho it's in ROM) so also won't ring. They say I need to get a replacement 
Hell yeah, Data Robotics just announced DroboPro today. I want one. 
I still dearly miss the symfony dev environment when working with zend framework 
hates having up to 10 blogs  and WordPress site  .
@mpeterso was hoping there was a VM solution...sad 
Looking for a small SAN, trying to decide between vendors &amp; technologies. So many choices, so much money 
Setting up a new VMWare Image for .NET dev.  2 hours later I'm on my 4th windows restart and still haven't got everything installed yet 
SIck and tired of hacking away at a third parties PHP code. The whole thing needs re-written so as to be maintainable. 
Just invoked quicksilver.  Now i am over BumpTop Beta only beings Windows for now.  Poor Windows and no Quicksilver  
cant seem to get VMware Workstation6 to use NAT - my openSUSE vm cant get a net connection 
Windows 7 bluescreened for the presenter 
The www.iplt20.com site if down I believe. It shows a 503 Server Unavailable error. Whats the issue? 
Building email templates for Outlook 2007 is a nightmare. 
Having nerves shredded by the atrocity known as Vista.  gates and ballmer should really be executed for this evil garbage. 
@kevinrose i want to see something similar for GNU/Linux 
Why is my server always the one the dies 
@SaraMG @franciepants said i'm not allowed to sign up for the baconlube beta 
I think Windows Update has broken my pc!  
Redoing journal CSS. Journal CSS and contents are outdated. 
well, had to bite the bullet and reformat the hard drive and reload XP on the family desktop.  virus had it screwed up beyond repair 
I need to think about newer CPUs, CUDA and excessive clustering... I don't really have 72645 years to get my calculations done... 
again back to Ubuntu 8.10 form Fedora 
oookay, installation is done, no errors. but it doesn't work. nvidia and glx modules are not found 
@abaloo amazon.co.uk says it's not available yet.  FED is great for themers at *all* levels, although HTML/CSS/PHP familiarity will help.
Google AppEngine doesn't support JAXB or RESTEasy Client (no Sockets allowed).  No Service Bus on the Cloud 
Can we have something like Hotspot Shield for Ubuntu? I am desperate for YouTube here 
Wishes that ObjC2 had namespaces. 
these new Windoze commercials make me queasy 
@_pieman I don't think we're going to seeing the SMB consumer product uptake in the Linux market for a couple more years unfortunately 
trying to learn CSS. I need better concentration and memory. i have memory of an 80 year old person  lol
@merlyn I'm downloading FLOSS weekly now and I have no bandwidth left for the ustream.  I will catch it later though. You Kermitting?
My nVidia card was giving me fits, so I pulled it. Now my P5E-VM is having a hard time believing it can do 1920x1200. 
Whenever I start making something in PHP, I get bored in 2 or 3 days  I am so used to ASP.NET (That never gets me bored)
DSLR User Forum and website down again this morning. 
ive broken PHP  it can stay broke its sunday morning and i cant be bothered
talked with Mosso, most requests complete &lt;500ms, but it spikes to &gt;2000 ms randomly.  Static files w/ nginx. No solution yet 
BSoD on my PC 
Vivek is now using FF 3.1 beta fulltime. Firebug is still not compatible 
@projct It's my wife's old laptop. CD drive is dead, won't boot from usb. Part-man, Wubi, LVPM, GRUB, and a lot of console hacking 
my XSD generated class is failing, &quot;unable to generate temporary class&quot; 
Waiting for my DNS update to propagate. http://dailyphototipswithchris.com works, doesn't work with www yet 
Grrr can't center a div in Safari for some reason. Using width: 50em, margin: 0 auto;, works fine in FF but aligns left in Safari 
Just discovered that my Canon Pixma ip5000 will not print more than 600dpi under Ubuntu....dammit, having to try XP in Virtualbox 
@starsnostars For sure, but I'm looking for a low-power solution. HP e-PC I have would be great, but IDE channel only 
needs to study for QA!!.... gonna fail surely 
dist-upgrade of UML debian etch to lenny fails. Something goes wrong when dpkg is trying to upgrade libc6. Seems to be UML related..  
In hiatus for a few days because my Vista computer is not working 
@kisanka oh well, wish i could man, its used as some SMTP relay as well. so there are some security issues 
@PinchHost your phpMyAdmin page is incredibly slow 
Joy. Server go boom on a sunday. 
For two days I've been looking for a service to sync contacts on my new phone. And it's right there. /Applications/iSync.app. huh damn 
Safari died on my phone!! How am k supposed to pass the time at work now!?  
Going back to Eclipse IDE, Netbeans is a bitch, she doesn't love me 
#github down 
DestroyTwitter failed me! It couldn't save that goal...  Anyway, now that I broke up with TwitterFox, Firefox is crashing after 10s... 
Damn damn -- no iPhone support for Windows XP x64. There are some workarounds, but if I can't figure this out -- shit. Vista. 
Converting an old Windows program to .Net VB to run as a web based system 
Reading about KacieKinzer's cool inventions/projects http://bit.ly/jR6OL while working on a friends hijacked computer. Malware sucks 
Project references in Xcode are killing me. How poorly documented and buggy can something get? 
Dontemplated using #Drupal as a back-end to a [new] personal website. Unfortunately It'll take to much time to familiarize myself with it 
lol, wow is down  server: thaurissan @ dragonblight 
SHIT! I've triple booked myself again. stupid google calendar not properly rendering in Safari 
Zend_XmlRpc_Server is really picky... Started the DocBlock with /* instead of /** and got &quot;calling params...&quot; error all the time 
I guess I'll use Azureus for now until I can fix uTorrent... But it doesn't compare. 
grmbl..all the good extra functionality of php's functions I find are always &gt;php4 
After scouring the internet for ideas, and trying a lot of things, I'm impressed with how totally Xcode seals off project references.  
@cbioley Checked MSDN earlier this morning and nothing there yet 
@ianfnelson Exactly the same reason why I went with Windsor.. Silverlight 3 looks awesome, but at this point, I won't be using it 
@Teemu Yes, I've had problems with Firefox and flash. Firefox seems to have it downsides afterall. 
Firewall comodo is a bad boy when you installing software 
Why is Lotus Notes so crap? Why is AVG playing havoc with Thunderbird? Why does WebSphere heapdump to the point of exhausting disk space? 
Having to fight with Group Policy changing my Internet Explorer Settings - the fun of IT not understanding the needs of Developers 
we need help to prepare Ubuntu 9.04 release notes, tours and upgrdes howto in persian for wiki.ubuntu.ir but no one cares! 
 looking at an code for errors. there's 5 and I can't find any of them. omg shootme
started up twitteriffic on OSX Desktop.. now it won't die!!  silly app 
I find Plesk massively confusing. 
Firefox greys out often in my Ubuntu 9.04 rc. Is this a bug? 
@tweetie Authentication fails if password includes special chars. 
Oracle now owns MySQL? 
&quot;I stayed up half the night trying to install Vista&quot; is not a reason for being tired that I ever wanted to give. 
@bencc ruhroh. Wonder what this means for OpenSolaris + java 
@pedrocs Advantages of being a native app. I really gotta upgrade to Leopard  #tweetie
There's nothing more depressing than still having to use MSIE 6 to test HTML templates in.  That browser is older than your car people!
I preferred MySQL's SQL to Oracle's SQL. Will it die soon? 
here comes &quot;Oracle Java Misson Control&quot; just like JRockit - http://tinyurl.com/ce52tv 
WTF??? Oracle bought Sun Microsystems???? MySQL is dead 
First Tweet using Tweetie ...... and Oracle Bought Sun ???? MYSQL we need you 
@Mikogo I'm in software development and this is what fuels the love/hate relationship with computers 
Desktop PSU died today when I was at work 
Looks like Jaunty is going with Ruby-GNOME2 0.17, which is woefully out of date 
@leewaters I'd use it on my laptop if my laptop didn't run XP.  
Can someone explain to me why Oracle purchased Sun? I can't see it making any sense at all! I can't help but feel MySQL will suffer 
@watchingtheblur I think you need a new Safari, cause mine works fine 
@IslandDog Yea I used WordPress for a few years. I just don't need to pay for a full hosting service along with my MobileMe account tho. 
@cresmer I'm deeply offended. Flash mobs are a form of public assembly &amp; expression. That police action is extremely chilling and wrong. 
Oracle (ORCL) set to buy Sun (JAVA) this summer. So long MySQL ?  
Lots of bugs in (iNV23) Downloads System 1.1.3 Beta 1 need be fixed now 
Oracle buying Sun... will I have to pay for JRE's &amp; SDK's ? ... Will it be the last JavaOne worth the trip ? 
@willsmith727 I think the trick is just not to use CSS -period! Emails seem to have a love affair with tables unfortunately 
VMWare, thy Perl API makes me sad 
http://tinyurl.com/cna5kn Oracle Buying Sun does this mean MySQL is going to get buried ? 
@n8han And we just finished an Oracle-to-mySQL migration strategy... Wasted time I guess. 
@ImadJomaa If Oracle kills MySQL, the world will end 
Actionscript 3 has spoilt Javascript for me. 
Finished reading Eclipse... I feel like crap...  No hw though.
I want to be able to refactor with pride  #tdd
Struggling with a Linksys SPA3102 connecting the PSTN to my Asterisk PBX.  Outbound seems fine, Analogue Extension is fine, Inbounds not 
MySQL is now TheirSQL.... 
I'm ready to attach the main database - Patching shouldn't take too long - Pah! who am I kidding - This is going to be a SQL nightmare 
Where is this Netbeans Beta1 which was supposed to be available yesterday  http://wiki.netbeans.org/NetBeans67
@tweetie still don't get trought the proxy even with HTTPS 
LIKES: Todays sunshine/This coffee/Jaunty Ubuntu. DISLIKES: having to get up early three days in a row!!! 
The combination of Sharepoint, InfoPath and reports is doing my head in   Any suggestions on how to report from Infopath forms welcomed!
@anthonyshort Servers are down tonight 
coding some JSP on a 10 y old web app... beark 
ok, using gwibber. Not stable but good on Ubuntu. Ping.fm is buggy 
Really confused about how the Firewall in @WizzVPS works  I think I need to hire a sysadmin pro for a few hours to sit down with me.
@joelmonte If we open the blinds then people can't see their screens  Windows are open.
@jacuzzijo that's great! maybe you can teach our grp Python; HR just rejected our funding request for Python training. 
Oracle buys Sun for $7.4 billion GTFO  oracle owning MySQL has ruined my day...
Beginning to think Airport base stations are plain buggy. Both Extreme and Express are munging a TSIG key pair that works fine with OS X. 
Ah crap, just recovering from the wretched BSOD 
Winamp mdfkr   &quot;And they could never tear us apart&quot;.
The DNS entries for www.inDplay.com have been removed 
This is just great! Failed to map the path '/' error in a page with just a login control after Windows 7 upgrade. #asp.net 
man... I'll miss the JRuby on Google App Engine talk at #railsconf 
@wintellect you do not care of NetBSD anymore ? 
is back using plain old Digsby  ALPHA has flat-lined on me.
is back using plain old Digsby  ALPHA has flat-lined on me. http://ff.im/-2w9V9
grrr Vista install not going well. Boot record corrupted after reinstalling drivers. Start again 
why cant i get h4ckd OSX working ...  i think im going to need a macbook
Oh dear, my Vista pc is playing dead. Here's hoping to revive this doggy, if not: I'll have to dig deeper to find out what's going on 
the crash on the master DB VM seems to have caused the slaves to break replication. MySQL replication is not very failure tolerant... 
forced to go for the reinstall of ubuntu since i somehow managed to break it 
Come on Windows 7, make a little slowdown. I've installed VS2k8, NOD32, TweetDeck, Adobe premiere suite. Come on, boot slower than Ubuntu 
I keep going in to FreeRealms literally moments before they take the servers down. 
XUL - (XML User Interface Language) is Mozilla's XML-based language that lets you build RIA's. Ah ja, daher die Fehlermeldungen in Opera 
ustream.tv streams, be they live or recorded, don't work in FF, Safari or Opera. Must be Flash 10 that's borken. 
just got upwanna play some eve but Servers down till 12ish 
Head Server Tech banned me from the WhirlHost network - again. 
i hope i can catch the train at 2:49pm, i'd be in BI at 3pm then. if not, 3.30-ish 
Curse you, BT and your crap  broadband speeds. It's taking an eternity to FTP the updates to my site. 
Linux Magazine &quot;Spanish Government to Hand Schools Over to Microsoft?&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/c3o5ed via @gnuchris the problem is bigger 
Something is wrong with Firefox.  It refused to start.  Just the error message saying it must shut down.   Uninstall/Reinstall
Why does @Adium 1.3.3 keep crashing unexpectedly? 1.3.4 Beta worked fine, but can't use the TwitterIM plugin. Very sad. 
exsdesign.com successfully implemented into Joomla! look what time it is. 
@schuchert express SQL and vs always cause probe 
ffs, I clicked back on my browser after writing most of an article in Wordpress, lost all of the work 
Upgraded #ubuntu 8.10 =&gt; 9.04, went smoothly. Minor glitches: Terminal font changed, compiz shortcuts deleted. Firefox still slow 
Finder not functioning properly, fans spinning up to full speed all the time, apps are sluggish. I think it's time to re-instal OSX 
@CoConutSolution I installed 9.04 beta before .. X11 bugs with intel chipsets made me downgrade 
They should make laptops with ergonomic keyboards.  I miss my Microsoft Natural Ergonomic 4000.  
In line for coffee, damn it. Still upset they closed Java n Jazz!!  
@gerrymoth when you have the latest E71 firmware, its not hackable; so I cannot sign free-isms 
fraking VMWare has bound my VM's NIC to my disabled wireless adapter on my laptop; 20 mins wasted trying to find THAT out 
I think I understand RDF. Still can't go to Galway.   #Drupal &quot;import export&quot; problems solved, except now it don't matter where data is.
I wanted to use Frontpage just to see if it'd make coding and all easier, god.  It's so hard 
I still haven't had breakfast .. still waiting on my vps from liquidweb 
Saints Row 2 is amazing. Server books aren't very fun to read  I've gotta learn something though for the new job.
@DrUc1f3r coolio. ubuntu remix is fast, no compiz joy though 
Well, It seems FB integration has b0rked itself in my Seesmic Desktop - hasn't updated in the last 4 hours 
@saintartaud Soderbergh's Solaris was terrible. 
Installed Amarok for Windows; gives error and won't start  Not surprising given they only distribute nightlies.
My favourite part of using Windows...it's like I won some sad version of Solitaire  http://twitpic.com/4gthx
is finally going to bed after get rid of Vundo, Zlob, and 109 other viruses. But I still don't have admin account back yet 
Wishing I could make (elegant) use of the function and list applicative functors in MATLAB 
@vonster... asked my clever programmer and he says he really doesn't think so 
Having a hell of a time inserting flash into this wordpress page because the header is defined in the CSS 
@felicityafrench only 7 are DRM free and I'm already registered on 5 comps 
@DontLetGo14 kung mu 0 ang remaining API and di pa mu reset... di mu update ang tweetdeck... 
@soumen08 Geany has a plugin architecture, the problem being that it can be written only using C and they need to be compiled 
[Nob friends] :     For some reason Firefox doesn't keep me logged into things anymore...   .. http://tinyurl.com/czpgnp
whatever it is Java, C#, or C++... it is always one only thing... debugging 
Reinstalling Windows Live is the most painful part of every time I reformat my OS.  Please fix the installer.
Sunsday ... And more UNIX Servers to play around with, and VCS Clusters to build 
It's Sunday... And there's more UNIX Servers to play around with, and VCS Clusters to build.   ... I'd rather be out in the sunshine.
Ugh, WAMP is deciding not to work properly today. 
@Suw yeah, sad when tools you like stop being likeable 
@akinodorama Pidgin sounds good. I might try it. WLM is so full of ads. 
oops, just spotted a bug in my comments RSS feed that meant flagged (spam) comments would get included 
one nice bit of upgrade though is that Avant under Metacity is actually pretty slick even if I can't run compiz any more 
@Linux4me28 I wonder how shes going to like his super tampon sized penis 
Trying the latest version Seesmic Desktop; but you still can't resize columns 
impulse purchased a book good book called ERP Demystified.... I  seriously can finish up big amount on purchasing books.... 
Funzion.dk hosting center 'down'  or under a DOS attack? and not even a service announcement on email - as they usually send on probs.
My WHS (Windows Home Server) wont start, it's dead  Argh...
Sality worm has infected every EXE in the vrtual pc 
Drupal is not behaving itself this morning.....module problems 
Still busy developing my Java app :L 
This is what sucks about running a beta of Firefox, I can't run YSlow. 
just switched from Chrome Browser to Firefox.  Just to many sites that don't work with chrome. 
Dammit! Cappuccino doesn't have implemented yet NSTree! I still need to use GWT 
building a CMS from scratch with AJAX, PHP, JQuery, XML and Actionscript...at least, that's my plan. I'm scared though 
Just installed Fedora 11 Preview on two laptops. Really disappointed with anaconda installer, failed on me bunch of times  #fedora #linux
Trying to plug in a CSS framework, wish I had more time. 
It has rained here for like 10 days...now I have the BLAS 
Any suggestion for light weight editor for PHP, JS, CSS with intellisense, syntax highlighting and SFTP support? Aptana is kinda heavy 
i hate website that automatically resize browser windows 
Ok, so after breaking ma head with this; only can sync gCal with iCal. The sync between iCal and Entourage is not working. 
small problem when testing the php/mysql demo, need to use two seperate browsers to test otherwise the cookie code gives me same name 
@KyleGraham  Last time I switched simple hosting, I lost parts of my PHP/SQL for over a week.  Had to hire a programmer to fix it all 
forgot 2 bring home Vista SP2 from work  oh well plenty 2 do on the SBS 03 server I install a few days ago &amp; client has messed up already
@seguima Were you e-mailed the code!?  I wasn't anyway 
Fedora 11 fail because of Anaconda  http://ff.im/-2ywJ7
Doing a massive update on my Gentoo desktop. It is not going well. Probably broke the damn thing. 
I'm suprised, but im actually starting to like OpenSolaris. What is the direction like with the Oracle buyout though? 
Since I can't view nin:access on Linux.... 
is a little dissapointed.  cant get IBM Rational Software Modeler to work on Ubuntu.  http://plurk.com/p/rms25
@iamararebird not that i know of WAMP 
@Kealik was set to show @yourname in the comment based on your email address, but twitter recently removed that function from the API 
@GrowWear when i click settings it just says add ask.com to default browser but it already is - I want to take it away  Just started this
@andrew_nguyen I thought about it. But I just don't like the idea of Safari 
@DrJosephKim Wow... and I always thought PPC = PowerPC 
might have to make some changes to ruby twitter .. it doesn't include headers coming back ..so no API count without a serperate http call 
I hate dealing with images in Java.  Why can't python's PIL properly save EXIF information? 
@wildx Adium is for Mac, I'm using Windows though.  Pidgin is really .... uhmm... simple.
Trying to get a handle on JSON w/ASP.NET MVC and the eBay API. My javascript skills are weak 
I just had Safari 4 Beta crash for the first time 
Hey @al3x, any thoughts on adding in_reply_to_status_id to the Search API results? It sucks not having it 
Once again JavaScript fu beats CSS fu, resulting in JavaScript driven layout as it powers the CSS via dojo.coords(). Surely an easier way 
finished installing Ubuntu 9.04.. doesn't feel super-fast!   But it's interesting.. I don't know what to do with myself now th ...
@zaibatsu What is the API limit, I see this on mine but I don't understand 
Axure is screwing with me.  Why Axure, why.
forgot to back up my RSS feeds on my old work PC, damn - I miss my webcomics 
[link] Mercurial Hosting - freeHg.org: ??????????? ??????? ???????  http://freehg.org/
After upgrading Winamp, it stopped starting. So I re-installed it from scratch, and now it crashes if I install Advanced Controls. 
AVG Anti-Virus is smart. I tried using a pirated key and after i hit update it detected it was a pirated copy. 
bad idea: an xml DRM wrapper around a perfectly fine interface like a file system. if the system was open i would not have lost my songs 
I need to rollback an SVN repo to a previous rev. It seems really complicated 
@shuuro I tried tweetphoto but could not upload photos via web (Internet Explorer and Firefox).  Got an &quot;incorrect MIME type&quot; error. 
how I wish google chrome had RSS discovery... I hate opening another browser to find the feed 
still wondering why those sites do not provide RSS feeds when it costs nothing! 
Going on with my Java Application for school eventhough Java is definitely not my BFF 
dnamzonubley is up for private beta here: http://nubley.com so u can toy around it. its been a big work configurin d server. bn up al ngt 
I was so so so excited to see a new Zero Punctuation in my RSS reader, only to remember that their RSS sucks 
I really hate it when Flash does things for no apparent reason 
Getting a bit worried my OmniFocus 1.6.1 sneaky peak is going to expire 
Really needs the latest version of Microsoft Office... 2007? But is much too povo to purchase it 
Upgraded my laptop from Ubuntu 8.04 to Ubuntu 8.10 LTS, it's now enroute to Ubuntu 9.10 LTS. Black screen on 8.10 this morning though 
ActiveRecord::HasManyThroughSourceAssociationMacroError: Invalid source reflection macro :has_one for has_many -&gt; http://bit.ly/135UWH 
@jesipr I will notify you as soon as we have 10 Beta testers - 8 missing 
ME is burn monkey atm  and god damn microsoft why is IIS and ODBC on xp so shit! ur wasting my time
@jangles Re Phorm  been looking for reference which is less controversial   http://tinyurl.com/dk9caf Desktop App(s) which could be re ...
@shawin sorry no Java based 
writing the most stupid invalid #HTML 4.0 to satisfy #iTextSharp HTML Parser - This deserves a blog post, another pending  to-do/to-blog 
Really wish I had a license for Linotype FontExplorer X. Seems like really awesome software 
Alright, which one of you stole my copy of DiskWarrior? need to build a copy of 4.1.1 to fix friend's mac &amp; can't from backup copy 
... some problems appear when trying to connect my iphone with Ubuntu  
Been downloading Windows 7 since yesterday and now see the massive performance drop!  Couldn't MS make regional download servers? 
I screwed my Zenwalk install yet again  Moral lesson: never interfere a glibc upgrade...
Testing _only_ Twitter client available for Windows (under Eclipse), not bad, but not good either 
Eh long weekend, made two 4 color viny banners and played a little more with Linux...why doesn't it like my TV tuner card 
@nickindarsingh I'm not working on any Silverlight in my day job, no 
CGI / FastCGI keeps crashing 
@mattcasto: @nickindarsingh I'm not working on any Silverlight in my day either 
When &quot;high-end&quot; games you played in the 7th grade get compiled into Flash, you're officially old.   http://tinyurl.com/dgvvyj
my wampserver works weird.. downloading xampp .. if that doesn't help will need to install PHP, mysql and apache 
OpenCV and C++ are driving me mad 
@naterkane usually i don't, because everything is in SVN or a backup drive. this is 2 weeks  since backup and 12 important files gone 
experiencing difficulties w/ seesmic desktop. other accounts won't appear in timeline ... neither automatically on startup nor manually 
@ankur_sethi 2 be honest even ive stopped using Fx  I switched 2 Chrome, but then left it 4 Opera..
Installing Vista from an original factory disc is awful, installing update 15 of 80 before SP1  
App Loader is taking a long to update... 
App Loader is taking a long a while connecting to device... 
App Loader is taking a long time &quot;connecting to device&quot;... 
i lost all of my bookmarks. 
I learned that it you want to divide a server disk into two partitions, you should do it during setup. Trying to do it latter could cause 
@adambeaugh No plugins == 
Downloaded movie in french w/ no subtitles. I downloaded subtitle track online... but can't figure out how to put 2 together  VLC or DivX
@aaronwall fyi the site also loses my login regularly (Safari, OSX) - don't know why  Vaguely annoying, but nothing serious. Drupal issue?
@bluapp i'm running windows 7 beta and the bottom of the app is cut off.  can't see any of the bottom icons 
Just want my intermittent BSOD problems to go away 
This is a CSS nightmare! 
Anyone know how to order resticted stuff on Amazon to Australia? It won't ship me 2 games, a book and a Windows Home Server 
Why can I create complex, novel systems from scratch &amp; yet not b able to complete a bloody (designed) XHTML/CSS UI or launch my blog!!?!! 
@longzheng We have some softphone software at work that doesn't work on x64 so I could use it in XP Mode but my proc no support hard-virt 
nice minefield completely broken. crashes on start. back at firefox beta 
Transmission 1.60 for OSX seems to be highly unstable  Reverted to 1.52.
Sumatra pdf can't open the Ubuntu Pocket guide ebook 
trying bdule as a tweeter desktop client. Statuzer does not support hebrew 
Trying to publish my new pomodoro app, but ClickOnce applications seems to dislike my resources 
Worms 3D won't work on XP Mode in Windows 7 
who needs sleep. Done setting up SuSE pxeboot install server at home at 3:00am 
@MisterRo Win XP sees them all fine... 
bah can only get the Java client for workaway working, the local client is 100 times better 
@hanshillen If you use VoiceOver, it's Ctrl+Option+Shift+M. I know there's also a native OS X keystroke, but it escapes me right now. 
@MatchesMalone I did when I used Thunderbird, but now that has decided to eat it, I'm reading online. It is a bit of a juggling act 
@vishalgadkari how can you drink in day time, pathetic   How does Joomla = FireSHOT ?? lol 
Could of gotten Screen flow for free but I down have Leopard 
Lovely day outside today.   Just right for sitting at a desk writing SQL queries and code.  
Hrmpf. Can't find any real documentation on making Windows Media Player plugins 
Working hard on my music website (Version 3  )
ahhh my firewall is anoying me... keeps coming up with security alerts 
laptop not working. i think the BIOS chip is gone...  
@chazdrums because we must to use browser component to any ballons and this is not best decision 
Just realised I forgot to backup my photos folder when I installed the Windows 7 RC. 
@catburton looks cool, but I get PHP errors when I add my username to join the market 
@Twitterrific didn't work.. Maybe another API limit 
half way to the ROM when the puking began.......my poor boy 
@SteveStreza It's also not that users won't ever find settings, its that users will assume you do NOT have settings, which isn't cool. 
@omshivaprakash weatherunderground.com nali data ide. Applet nali weather source select maado option ila 
Can someone help me with the Yahoo User Interface Library? I don't understand why my script will not work  #openhacklondon
@connectingwomen MyCardsDirect's &quot;use my own artwork&quot; feature seems to require Tango Dropbox, which works only on Windows.   FYI.
At last - Wordpress 2.7.0 is online and all databases migrated. Holy shit this took me ages. The update to 2.7.1 is still not working 
@essie_e it wouldnt come up on my browser  what was it?
@hxriley Outlook not so good 
@YouAnswer Outlook not so good 
@__jessicarabbit Outlook not so good 
@twoapennything Outlook not so good 
@Nerdillicous Outlook not so good 
@ashy_109 Outlook not so good 
Blah BSOD within VMware on Windows XP. Stupid freaking windows 
argh VirusTotal.com fail right now. 
@gregorystorer  VPN down again--- happy tuesday  
infinitest jst kept indexing  my files on intellij .....never saw it working   ...stalling it for now .
@lindbeck argh beta 2 
working out how to handle an uploaded file on the server...I might have to read the documentation  I hope not #yui
@saurik How is Cydia 3.0 coming along by the way? The 3.0 betas are lonely without it 
Site somewhat works now, reloaded Wordpress and everything seems relatively okay. Stressful day. 
@dk i can't get the &quot;when did you join twitter&quot; API to work for me. it says userid not found. 
Gah, installing Adobe AIR on Fedora 10 is a bitch. &quot;yum whatprovides&quot; is your friend and it still doesn't work 
Facing problem in installing software in Ubuntu jaunty... getting error could not be retrieved some packages from server 
@win7il Allright I did it! Installed Windows 7 64Bit but Outlook 2007 refuse to run! keeps give me registry errors  back to Vista...
Trying to coax little Linux netbook into playing #digitalplanet... may have to wait until I get home 
Installing Windows 7RC under VMWare Fusion for CBT training purposes 
Password meter.. i don't think its usefull  http://www.passwordmeter.com/
I can't figure out RSS. 
seems there is a DNS issue on our end. the site and some services might not be accessible.  answers ur q @mohanjith
not liking the new http://linux.com design! 
Apocrypha 1.2... =&gt; API, WebSite und GameServer sind so ziemlich down 
doesn't understand how to use Microsoft Excel  x
Waiting for Outlook to finish doing an inbox repair 
Is stuck in API hell... 
@Kogenre welcome in my world! I have some many passwords/pin numbers/WEP keys etc to remember that I actually don't!  what are you up to?
@doctorlaura Been there, done that.   I had them all: Opera, Konqueror, Elinks and so on. Waiting for #Chrome to release for Linux.
I've just had 2 crashes (one blue screen) with Windows 7. One looked like gfx driver issue, the other was while watching a DVD with VLC! 
#masheu09 The worldcat registry API does not support a request based on IP 
Fighting Foxmarks since our beloved IT department upgraded FireFox for me  No longer have bookmarks on my laptop
Is there a MacOSX app that will copy text on select? I keep forgetting to hit ?C 
case study isn't being very good at the moment  sneeze multiple times XP
Rubystein eventually worked on my system (openSUSE11.0, Ruby 1.8.6), but far too slow to play 
pleeeease debug .. PLEEEASE  - in this moment I really really hate Java :@
@holytshirt no - my SQL Server is acting up on the host machine 
@liran_zelkha But you need an SQL server for it, 
@Kaysis_bcn no it wasn't maintenance. We kept loosing our API's on tweetdeck even though tweets wouldn't show up 
Got X working on external monitor finally! Configuring Xorg is such a pain in the ass. 
Struggling with a nasty bug in PHP with '#' in the url 
@KenaSiu Lovely.  #Firefox Have you also had trouble with #GMail past 24 hrs? I have.
When you go a step forward with ASP.Net AJAX be ready to go 5 steps backwards 
@CharlotteGore 50k? I want to cry. ONE of the 18 external JavaScript files in a page I was dealing with was 50k. And it USES JQuery 
Spoke too soon.  I guess you can't run VirtualBox and VMware Fusion at the same time.  
Trying VirtualBox after auto-updating Ubuntu and discovering that 9.04 doesn't work under Parallels 
@ariherzog Did I get put in the X folder? I think I'm going to cry... 
@Beq Tried both FF and Chrome. I used to have a Talkshoe app, but it just updated and sent me to the website. Very disappointed 
I am getting a black screen and mouse on Vista login.  I know this is a known problem, but I never thought it would happen to me.  
iPhone OS 3.0 Beta 5 is the buggiest version yet. Yuk. 
did some web work today. I have a secret, though... I was lazy and decided to use tables instead of proper CSS for my layouts ... 
VHD boot doesn't seem as easy as i'd hoped 
Mozilla Fennec, v.1.0 alpha, installed on T*Omnia and testdrove it just now. The result is ...; nice imterface but too slow 
My .htaccess seems to get edited when I (re)publish pages. Removes &quot;AddType x-mapp-php5 .php&quot; from it, which causes the 500.  #WordPress
@gnutel0 Not sure about autoloaders? I've seen some deskstop stuff for Linux but if can't install simple software then Linux fails. 
Restoring servers after powerfailure 
@cehsnet Got the DLL interfaced and discovered it only does half the job.  The rest is supplied as source... in Visual Basic 
@millsustwo great list of UX websites - but as normal its mostly all web 
@NimrodA I'm trying to write code to access from my gmail inbox. IMAP is ancient and misses features like normal search. No alternatives. 
@joeldavies hmm more washed out on the mac than on the desktop 
@0pensource Ubuntu doesn't run on an old AMD 2100 mhz machine I have.  Memory dumps all over the place. Wanted to replace old w2k machine 
On a beautiful sunday afternoon I am connected to office VPN and compiling code. 
@marcjohnson That is what I would use in ASP.NET however I am working on Windows Forms so such niceties are lost to me 
WM 6.5 build 21232 for Omnia avaiable NOW  http://bit.ly/qfovK  (install only froma XP   )
Setting up a malware honeypot on VMWare again. Mistakenly deleted the old image 
The gui of the software used in the movies is so awesome. Wish our work s/w looked like that 
Nice shiny new laptop, but nVidia 8200M, Gnome and Compiz are not playing nicely together. It just crashed again 
finally choosed WEP security for maximum compatibility . i could safely stay at home today . i am sick 
@geekaholic yeah but KDE will use lot of battery power. 
this is what I got when opening NFS carbon:  http://twitpic.com/5d0kh   
So want an API in my exam 
Still working on the CSS for my layout... at the moment it's an ugly mixture of floats and absolutes 
@brettbum No, but, ironically, I HAVE two of them. One's older and doesn't work on Vista though, if I'm not mistaken. 
bored of doing these applications 
Wait..with all the uber friendly GNU/Linux distros around, what now may be called the rites of passage for a linux user? None, I guess 
too tired of ornagai Admin  I wanna develop next generation but I can't now 
@Kelardsturm ROM won't run on my PC, The family gaming PC and dads laptop (although I've not tried) are the only things that can run it 
Also, the professors with the mighty UNIX beards are in the back 
oh dear on deah oh dear. windows 7 is just as bad as Vista was, f#ckall drivers available. Windows XP re-install number 2 
I use &quot;Remote Desktop&quot; to control my desktop from lappie over WLAN &amp; just found I can't shutdown my desktop from it! 
Dang... Lab Manager doesn't support ESXi hosts?   http://twitpic.com/5dif9
XP just blue screened on me. It might be a rare occurence but still fustrating. 
@shallowesque Whut. I use Windows XP! 
Having major headache getting CS4 Master Collection to install on Windows 7! Keep getting errors during install 
is amused that the #AMS #WLAN blocks some job sites now but still allows eg. lifehacker. It does #block the twitter API too. 
Jibtv.com could have been very cool, but all English programs and no Linux support is disappointing 
Days are limited to 24 hrs, but Web Developers need at least 48! I may soon have to give up my side business to focus in other areas 
@djzanda Trust me, If I could use OSX I would. 
Just realised I haven't revised vectors. 
@augiedb Or bounce it around the schedules until it dies, like The Flash... 
Alwasy liked vista but my 2 vista machine both BSOD on #currentcost 128 while devloping #makehistori interface 
@be9 right, it will be available with rails3, but before that, it would require a fork of the plugins 
I'm home alone!!!  But I gotta study!  Lets Git it!!
@n3rin3 @Rubyletters Wife is in with windows and totally not for Ubuntu unfortunately 
@aparajuli I do, but it's b0rked. The IDE cord is ripped. 
@storiesmac Um, hate to tell you this but I stopped using Firefox because my Mac Air is RAM handicapped  Switched to Opera.
@rbonini Ouch. There are a few Core 2 Duo machines around, but none in the library. The x86 Mac OS X boxes don't share eDirectory either. 
serious bug on SCalc OpenOffice 3.1  reverting to 3.0.1
I really hate CSS, it's just not very good 
is back from time out now back to Configuring Qmail  http://plurk.com/p/uiloa
Checked out Adium's new IRC support. Unfortunately it doesn't seem to work. 
finally got my laser printer to my laptop.... I hate Windows Vista 
@matthewlesh The app - pretty well, the distribution -  Xcode doesn't like my default keychain, so I'm stuck in the Simulator 
@frankfurtine: looks like I don't get to see the KDE office in Frankfurt anymore, huh? 
Managed to write a fixpoint catamorphism in Java, but it only works for specialised fixpoints: The T in Fix&lt;T&gt; has to have kind *. 
Subversion, why do you taunt me? I can browse your repo and see a folder, but if I update you won't download it 
Short.ie has no mobile interface, and relies on some sort of AJAX magicness that doesn't work in Opera on my phone 
@scareyvarey Outlook not so good 
Or, I could even fix HTML/CSS borks and make sure that their website is always up to date and lookin' nice!  I just want a job.
have to fix  Firefox [bn-BD] for 3.5 rc1 manually... need something automated, feeling lazy. 
.@jamesmears did you find a fix for your OSX 10.5.7 upgrade fail? I've got the same problem - fans on full, grey apple logo 
some plugins (Web Developer, Delicious for example) do not work anymore after upgrading Firefox on Mac   Any suggestions?
gave up and had to google to work out how to autologin windows 7 on startup... Is this an improvement over XP? 
jargon: why are the screenies on the !thunderbird site of WindowsXP?  http://is.gd/1SLN: jargon's status on M.. http://twurl.nl/gtyecv
@daydreamlily Outlook not so good 
I (or my toddler) apparently lost the A/C adapter to my 8-yr-old notebook. Enjoyed using that machine as my dinky Linux test computer. 
Just discovered MXML doesn't like the Vector type and gives a 'internal build error' - that wasted a few hours of my time 
My fix for '%' in #CakePHP urls has failed aggressive testing  There's some weird shit going on here :-S
@jamesgallagher It's great but really needs both a Linux version and more importantly something for S60 phones 
is missing his application design, Java coding and ClearCase administration days 
@alexisnotfunny I can't control what Mail.app does! Especially on 3.0 Beta 5 firmware! 
@idaAa Blargh... SDK for Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5  no open API?
Weird, seems my Win7 machine is letting me connect to my external SQL Server host tonight. Still Cassini isn't working. 
I'm breaking my head with this Linux/Ubuntu. 8.10 #Fails 
Remote WMI security is teasing me 
http://beta.adium.im/ -- Adium 1.4 requires Leopard? Awww. Guess it's getting time to switch. 
@_SandBox ah well, I'm not complaining, means I'll have more money for the time-being. I just don't want to look for another job 
HTTP is currently down on the server  looking into it
Note to self, when stress testing SIP servers disable any debug code which sends emails... inadvertently stress tested the mailserver too 
According to Somasegar's blog VS2010 is available, but the download link didn't work for me  http://is.gd/AYAV
Thinking of switching back to windows from my almost year long stint with Ubuntu  
...And Manifesto is freakin useless. Ergo, no RSS Reader for me. 
exam didnt go too well i dont think, but no use worrying bout it now, 2 down 2 to go, woo, Admin is on wed tho 
Linux is not (yet) ready for the Desktop  http://linuxfonts.narod.ru/why.linux.is.not.ready.for.the.desktop.html
twitter in Adium is sooo confusing me  *sticks to EventBox*
No, I can't get SuperPreview to work with XP SP3, either  #microsoftfail
I wish my clients didn't use Microsoft products (specifically Excel).  They make life for a mainframe programmer a bit difficult.  UGH 
@rdzien my boot scripts are fine. Sadly MySQL isn't 
#MySQL database gone on my #Synology NAS server.. so much for the website of our little girl 
@someofmywork seems like an on going battle for fonts in Flash, i seem to hit this wall to many times 
I hate Python 2.5's datetime module 
@xAbhishek Yeah! Should have added that line too. Presently downloading OpenSuse,Emacs. Running Twitter, chatting,surfing on 128Kbps line 
@mwclarkson Just learning, I can't even insert an image into an article, Doesn't look like my Joomla! for Dummies book 
@chetanbhawani i have seen few such freeware directories while stumbling, but cannot recollect the urls now 
I have to restart Windows 7 RC every day after AVG runs it's daily scan! as Win7 becomes totally unusable! 
I'm disgruntled and disenchanted. So much for my WPF project; I was actually excited. 
TypePad's &quot;rich editor&quot; messes with your HTML in a way that is vaguely reminiscent of Microsoft Word. 
is there REALLY no solution for getting Roboform to work with Chrome? 
Surprised at how many usability problems we're getting with @google docs. They don't call it Beta for nothing 
bah! finally got something fixed and sorted before i find that the site its going on is using jQuery! time to port that shit over 
@garymeyerza shame  that doesn't sound like fun! enjoy LAN! whoo hoo.
Well I was going to borrow the work network connection to download Windows 7 RC but it appears the Download Manager has no procy support 
Thanks to the Vista Drivers, my Wacom Graphire ET now works under Windows 7, too. Yay!  http://bit.ly/171KG3 now back to study... 
just getting off work now.  Server upgrades was a complete FAIL but we are limping along for now.  still got some work to do though 
argh... server is down, well not according to the server status on hosting providers site... 
Which audio filetype do I have to record to embed it in HTML for Safari Mobile? CAF, MA4, AIFF and AAC didn't work  #iphone #iphonedev
failing drives in my web server has caused my entire server to shutdown. no server all weekend makes me a sad person 
Ok, Moblin does not work on the eee 900 due to it's processor's lacking support for SSSE3.  Ubuntu netbook remix is the next one up then
damn, another problem found on OpenSSH v4.7 - it's only the version in ubuntu 8.04 LTS  http://url.moosaico.com/10382
Vista killing me. It's lost the network and I can't get it back 
Another fun HTML email afternoon in store for me, featuring tables, nested tables, and inline styling  
the interweb doesn't work so well with a broken DNS somewhere between me and it.   
Not learning the lesson of recording important user names and passwords 
may have to uninstall SQL2008  &amp; start again
Going to corp VPN so that's me offline 
Scanned 659 articles potentially interesting for CSFs of Mobile Software Markets usng ISI Web of Knowledge and customised query. 2 hits 
I cannot stand Windows, Lotus Notes or our IT department one moment longer. IT FAIL 
rolling back to Grails 1.1. The 1.1.1 release breaks two of my integration tests where I am testing transactional services 
@westhorp Wes, for some reason your comment didn't make it through my Seemic Desktop.  I happened across this in the stream.  hmmm  
is moving back to Windows XP 
Note to all... It seems there were many DMs I didn't receive while at #interop.. 
Installing Java on the new lab machines. I forgot to put it in the image. 
Creating EC2 volume from snapshot, bringing up Windows instances, all seem very slow today 
My iPhone just stopped functioning because I put off upgrading it to the latest 3.0 Beta version 
Cannot download the latest DNN 5.1 Beta build... CodePlex is having issues. 
It really sucks when you write an article on Apache's rewrite engine and Wordpress times out your login, thereby losing the article 
@_angeliina i know  some people just need to mature if they're doing it just to bait others XP
after a month of using Windows 7 - Vista feels pretty old 
@OfficialAS http://twitpic.com/5ovvv - hurts.to.laugh  XP
sourceforge is down 
is wondering how a windows server acquired an IP without a DHCP lease on a card with no cable attached?! 
trying to get wlan drivers working on ubuntu is like being in the bad old days of RedHat 6 
@RolandLegrand ActiveWorlds still doesn't run on Macs or Linux, does it? That's what it can't do, sadly  #metameets
Oops. Client of mine [we dont do their web hosting] Just got hacked by some Kosovo Hackers 
on top of that, OWA was &quot;protected&quot; by Microsoft ISA proxy server  
@Bethblog This code has already been used. 
&lt;grumble&gt; Can't copy from an OS X app and paste into a Winblows app in Parallels 
@robertbasic: &quot;if you hover a music file in File Browser on #ubuntu, it'll automatically play the song. that's awsm&quot;. doesn't work 4 me 
@nicepaul See also Microsoft Windows 
@Cliff_Forster i have a laptop so its a ATIX1250, support for which has now been dropped on Linux (and i use Linux) 
@vavroom the next three astronauts for the IIS will take two days to reach the station after blastoff.  Stuck in a tiny capsule. 
Just installed Vista x64 SP2, thought it was ok now noticed, I have lost my monitor and printer drivers.  
And with that - i'm off to bed to listen to some chill out sounds and regroup for more Joomla! junk on a stick tomorrow 
@gamesync I'm pretty sure #tf2 is dead after today, with starhub servers and mumble server down 
@asjonish aaaww good luck with the tablet  does it have an Atom CPU? Ubuntu netbook remix is fun!
trying to understand vBulletin ... difficult to get it... 
Java + jython + python + gdf (guess) != fun  plus, my computer ran out of memory... The future isn't very bright for this project...
http://twitter.com/tlampo/statuses/1932814735 &quot;Java + jython + python + gdf (guess) != fun  plus, my computer ran out of memory... The ...
Where the heck is Beta 6 
?????? ????-?? ??????? ??? ??? RSS-?????  ????????? ? ????? ????? ????????, ? ????? ??????????? ? ?????? ????????. ???????! ? ????? ??????
@jploh: Kantaris looks awesome, but I don't see Linux support. Just wish there's a Linux binary 
The sooner I go to bed the sooner I have to work with Drupal 
UGH! Windows 7 did not work. But this time was taking the p*ss, had to reinstall Vista. Luckily I backed up, but lost all Firefox data! 
re-re-re-installing a second partition with XP  
FFox crashing repeatedly on certain pages of my Wordpress admin 
hacking Safari yet again... Why doesnt PyObjC's poseAsClass method appear to be there? 
needs to know of a good all round Joomla! extension for Auctions that includes Stores 
Having tough time with vBulletin 
I am afraid that there is no Joomla! extension for auctions that includes stores  TIme to find a dev!
Anyone know how I remove sidebar 1 from WordPress? I can't find any accessible workarounds. They all tell me to drag'n'drop something. 
I think the CSS isn't loading for me in twitter. 
Xmarks just broke my firefox on ubuntu, can't recover it, going back to windows 7 again 
@DoinItWell I can't listen to your songs with the browser I'm using  stupid pc
@newsflic That will be great if everyone knows exactly where the sets are. Eclipse we won't be able to get within 3000 feet of 
@hvt I've actually been experimenting with Xcode over the last couple of days. Unfortunately though, I have to write C# for school. 
the new jDownloader design is incredibly better. too bad it's still Java and eats all my memory 
Oh noes!!!  The flip software will not install 
Geeze I thought I was all alone on here!  Reset my API wrong....lol no friends at all!..........................    fixed it!  .... 
@darkxanthos although win32 GDI isn't exactly easy to build a good UI in  
Windows VM decided to drop net access  Copying all my patches to Linux VM, which still has net access. Yes, I'm avoiding the Mac host
Hulo Desktop... so.. beautiful... yet for US only 
:: The new PunchOut! is great fun, but its just missing that undescribable nostalgic something  Maybe I over hyped it.
is it just me or the new chrome browser is really buggy and slow 
dammit! hulu desktop has totally screwed up my ability to talk to a particular port on one of our dev servers. so i can't watch and code 
Dell FX100 Pc-over-IP audio device (Teradici) is giving me a hard time in #Linux #Ubuntu Jaunty  Kernel isnt loading the snd-hda-intel drv
Gday... Do you know if NHibernate has issues with COM Interop (VB6 &lt;-&gt; .Net Wrapper &lt;-&gt; .Net+NHibernate dll)? I'm getting crazy 
@overshootTV Thx! Old computer here, too slow for both Kubuntu and Blender really. 
Every element in the DOM with children is a single parent 
Euh, got LDAP Schema Error  Why oh Why
Just been bitten by SmoothStreaming, it doesn't seem to work for my client's linux users...fan-fricking-tastic 
apparently even Novell Moonlight doesn't work on my Jaunty 
@dwhelan I've wondered about rake to.  The client has made it clear .NET only, don't force devs to learn a new lang  #agile #ccnet
@VINYLFREAK RE: Hulu Desktop in Windows 7 Media Center  http://bit.ly/DEc64but not on extenders unfortunately 
@JSMSoftware IronPython + Windows Mobile is a no-go. Compact Framework doesn't support Reflection.Emit. 
Trying to recover photos after a problem between Windows and my XD card. Result: shots are all half visible  damn Microsoft...
Anyone know a good PNG compression tool for OS X? Tried PNGCrush but it just doesnt run 
oh when will #gfail end? been on HTML version all day 
@sapauljoseph me too  chrome's popup blocker is better
I ran out of Eclipse mints 
Experiencing pain with paginating ASP.NET ListView controls 
@josemarques I don't feel like having to reboot  If only OSX supported Hibernate &amp; Reboot in Bootcamp... -.-
Safari 4 beta (OS X) is in a crash loop on startup. Back to non- cookie saving Firefox.  
@jgreco4 Outlook not so good 
Planning to install Windows 7 tomorrow, so probably no new posts for another few days at least 
I really wish someone would make a groupchat theme for Adium suited for IRC. yMous has way too low contrast. 
honestly, why did the folks at Microsoft do MS Word 2007 to me?  I can't believe I just spent 10 minutes finding auto correct options 
Ugh. Another &quot;what day is it today?&quot; (5 most uttered words last 2 weeks for me) - Missed a 10 yr old birthday &amp; it was even on my iCal. 
SPGridView is looking prettier, but I'm pretty sure my code is very ugly.  
laptop pooped. new harddrive needed? using DH's old pc now. maybe offline a while  damn BSOD!! happened too many times, Safe Mode only now
Getting AxKit running on Ubuntu 8.04 is making my head explode.  
@zeldman For me everything ok except install crashed at the end and now Safari crashes at every cmd+Q 
just paid $221/mo for a dedicated server @GoDaddy. Would rather get a slice @slicehost, but I using MS SQL 
@JosephChapman Outlook not so good 
@lmacken I'm stuck in a try-to-merge-two-tools CSS hell, so no help from frameworks  Unless both tools had already used the same framework
Tried Nokia's Ovi music store: &quot;Nokia Music does not currently support the Mozilla Firefox (Mac OS X) browser on your operating system&quot; 
@ChrisLAS never tried to FTP to S3, but I use FireFTP (Firefox browser addin) ... no mention of S3 support on their site though. 
Beta 5 of 3.0 expired today, back on 2.2.1 until the public release. I miss it already 
I gave up on tumblr because the API isn't pointing to the private account 
Have somebody installed vCenter Server 4 on Windows 2008 x64 w SP2?  SP2 is not in the compability matrix 
&quot;Updating Maven Dependencies&quot; I know this is a good thing, but would be better if it happened when I was asleep 
MediaTemple (mt) has awful FTP service 
@datachick That version is not compatible with Vista. 
I hate Windows.  I miss my lovely Ubuntu   I'm such a nerd haha
@robotadam I was hoping I could just drop them into ~/.vim so both Vim and MacVim could share them 
@chrisreinhard screenshots? can't give you any other kind of preview - you'd need VPN access  ...ya wanna?
Heading home from Sacramento.  Will continue writing the WIndows Server 2008 R2 Unleashed book over the weekend.  Sigh  #windows
Windows updates suck. There are so freaking many of them. 
/me really sad that /me can't go to Java One 
@shanselman: first impression is that it's considerably  slower to boot than 2008  #beta1
I so want to be a part of Windows Clubhouse, but my WL Spaces blog is random, and not the place where I share Windows stuff 
@comicbookdb Site is running super slow (and often not at all) this evening/ Lots of hang-ups, random SQL errors, etc. 
Waiting for the 3.0 firmware to come out 
No Windows 7 support for VMware View yet.  (VMwareInfo.com) http://bit.ly/YIsYA
@injuryexpert I'm going to guess UNIX system admin isn't one of them 
@steinarknutsen  Thanks for the tips! Looks like it's just affecting pages, not posts. Browser/checkbox make no difference.  Grrr.
@nileshk @asciigod I think he got in through an old Wordpress install I forgot to delete. 
Any of you guys at #flashcamp not want your special CD with Catalyst and Flash Builder 4?  Hook me up!  Nothing like that at 360Flex! 
does anyone know about android SDK? is it java based? i think so 
Trying Netbeans PHP editor. It doesn't have a code completion 
@minispalla been setting up a library management system, setting up a jabber server, setting up a custom ubuntu for the students laptop 
Oh dear. I didn't come in for half to weekend to wait for a full rebuild from a cranky compiler. 
@shannon_e  I've had problems with Chrome doing that too.   I miss the beta version, It did better.
Windows Vista can't initialize my old IDE hard drive connected via a USB to IDE adapter!  I really need to find a way to recover my data!
Kernel panic while copying files to the Drobo. Now it won't mount, doesn't show up in Disk Utility, etc. 
@GeorgiaPrincez can't.....daddys looking at it....says he thinks I have another fucking trojan 
I dreamt of HTML tags last night 
@drizzlejones y u not followin me ...smh! thought we were beta than that  lol
@yonaa Yes, lots of trouble with SSL and since yesterday some phones even don't accept twitter's SSL cert anymore 
I am scared of the gcc compiler  
my Firefox went kaput.   Had just downloaded Hulu Desktop and I see that as a reoccurring theme... what gives?
DHCP4WHS broken again - was working for ~3months fine, then died 
can't access ESXi from win 7 (bug) so started XP vm; can't RDP to it, so need to access console, which is broken in win 7, PERFECT CIRCLE 
@lene OOo blizzcon... too bad its too expensive for me 
Couldn't connect work laptop to LAN at home. Need unavailable admin password to alter configurations. SFCC WLAN didn't like me either. 
@mbcharbonneau KVO's API is just too ugly &amp; broken, unfortunately 
Phew! I found my bit.ly API key at last. ;) Had to waste at least 15 minutes trying to find it out. BUT Twhirl is not shortening it. 
Hmm, Silverlight 2 CoverFlow content no workee in SiteFinity 3.6 in Firefox. Spent all morning trying it, had to resort to forum post  #fb
One more wait for me preview from google - http://wave.google.com/ - Everything is too &quot;Beta&quot; 
@simonives unfortunately that would involve installing the KDE libs, dont feel like doing that just now  ... might give KDE  a go soon
@MickyFin yeh ..saw that .. no youtube  i think the Remoting adds some overload to the phone memory
JSON serialization in C++ yay what fun. Should be coming to boost::serialization soon... but I need it now 
wishes she could be under the sun with everyone playing frissbee...Admin law is just so...poo 
I try them on 3 different computers but still the same :S they neither NTFS nor FAT32 so they must format 
I hacked my linksys router and now i can only SSH into it, the web gui was disabled and i can't get it back... so sad...  
Onboard GSA, the XSLT engine only supports 1.0, doesn't allow XPath 2.0.  
Off to look at #Python books, along with the USUAL weekly shop.  Computer book selection in #Poughkeepsie is pretty limited. 
need to repair PBX...  Sneaking to find out more about IP-Based  PBX: easy cabling but looking for cheap ip phones
My only Saturday wish is uTorrent would port itself to Linux! 
about to install Windows Vista Service Pack 2, it says it could take over one hour 
Chrome doesn't check for updates automatically 
Anyone know how to apply a @jquery patch to an existing plugin? I have the plugin js file, and the .patch file - now what? 
Highly complex VM tasks went well, simple FTP upload ended in tears  work over, chill now then out to play in Yarm, hic!
Flash Builder 4.0 beta + Flex Data Visualization Components + Flex SDK 3.2 = License Problems 
VM additions dont install on Win7 C VPC wid Vista Home premium as base OS 
Considering attending CrossBorder Linux OpenSource Conference in #Flensburg - the focus seems to be on business people - not hackers 
@nevali Tried OpenSolaris in Parallels earlier today, it freezes when &quot;searching for devices&quot;. 
Running through the GWT tutorials. My Java is a bit rusty 
@flyddw like 15 years ago &quot;screen&quot; for VT100's, &quot;spaces&quot; on Mac and all the other good Linux ones. Microsoft implementation is horrible 
@Ferreira firefox is taking up core 0 all the time, but the room is fresh and the CPU is at minimum speed shouldn't be this hot imho 
Oh. 1password doesn't work with Chrome 
I was able to connect my HTC touch to Ubuntu 9.04, but not able to browse the files on the phone 
I hate getting outbid on ebay  114 RSS items to go through, boooo 
Off to a BBQ with the KLUG. Lost XVMC Playback in MythTV on bedroom PC though  
@twitter please deploy IPV6 on the twitter API. Multiple computers, iPhones and NAT don't go well with the current API limits  #ipv6
@FellieFollie iyaa thanks so much yaa felii. Pgn bgt istrahat skrg jg, but thinks like I've to drive long road to psr minggu frm BSD!! 
Wondering why !ubuntu ships a borked #tsclient 
Trying to reinstall Win Vista on my cousins' laptop...... without success 
Until @twitter increases the API request limit, I'm stuck with having to constantly refresh the web version.  #increaseapi
My browser isn't working! 
@playspymaster I want to play but it says the server is down. 
Damn! Every time I try to upload a picture via Wordpress (self-hosted), my Firefox crashes!! 
@elroydsilva which is your new Phone? that just reminded me, I tried d much hyped #Mozilla #Fennec in my #HTC #diamond. It hardly runs. 
Trying not to freak out after upgrading Studiometry (time-tracking/invoicing program) and all my data is missing. 
arg, it won't let me add an icon to this account. I've tried from Chrome and Safari. I click save, but still it shows blank. 
Zend studio 7 EAP is realy the best php IDE around, shame it's not free, back to netbeans 6.7 when the trail is over 
@mrackley @spmcdonough @usher #spsaturday SharePoint Saturday sites back up - ISA Server blue screened 
@hub @warthog9 some people worry that if the AGPL sets precedent, it could open the door for new evil licenses. 
The FAFSA Web site is down. Mega-bummer 
SQL Server really doesn't like it if the table isn't owned by dbo 
@sovietkiki XP I don't know how these people find me either.. Creepy stalker types 
O m g, wicked cramps.  http://myloc.me/27BI
@wfavero You'll be pleased to know I found a PDF Ref Summary for #Python to go on the eBook Reader. Doesn't zoom quite how I'd like. 
Starting to build me new server. Setting up the mirror is taking for ever 
Recovering MS-Windows XP after a virus attack 
[Windows 7]: 1 minutes after installation, desktop prep., and ... controls stopped working. Hangs head down . .  http://ff.im/3pQSF
sigh. just looking through e-mails on my other machine with HTML mail enabled. Why do you have to use such evil called Comic Sans MS 
My feet are killing me!  4 more hours! 4 more hours! XP
So, I hv spent 14 hrs trying to get Vista, XP, Ubuntu Intrepid or Jaunty working on my 7 month-old #Dell laptop. Think it's hardware. 
It looks like surgery/recovery is going to interfere with my BlackHat / DefCon plans this year 
Wow Twitter doesn't seem to be responding at all. I wonder if this API socket is working? Nope Server side error ;/ This is no good 
damn it, I think the IDE controller on the motherboard in my fileserver is dying 
@randell182 guess I get to sell game 1, presenting at JavaOne then and may not even get to watch it 
My Tweetdeck isn't working  I hate Vista. At least, I assume Vista is the problem- I blame everything on it these days.
no cabaret for me... dead car battery.    props to sara, APK and a kind covington fireman for giving me a jump!
Ubuntu's Jaunty is a bust for me. The newest ATI Linux drivers don't support my video card, and Boxee doesn't support Jaunty (yet). 
trying to get MSSQL to work with PHP 5 and Windows 
No wonder why I'm all full of tweets I can't filter now.  social networking is not just posting your RSS feed!
dont upgrade to Chrome 2 if you require NTLM authentication,., Its not supported yet    :'(   http://tinyurl.com/nwop39
is boardless i feel so alone 
@seanford bible i am so ready 4 miami i think i have Mono tho  so not cool
Finally done with the story boarding and IA of my online game. Only thing left to do is code it... but I can't decide over Jaxer or PHP. 
@dvirreznik ZoneAlarm is pretty good. I have also tried Comodo, but it made my machine crash a lot 
@dvirreznik Windows Firewall worked for me on XP for a long time. The only reason I switched to ZA was that Cisco VPN client broke Win FW 
Installed Windows 7 on my eeepc, now reinstalling all the software I use. No doubt getting my development env setup will be worst bit 
@amethystlexi I was placing stickies of Ubuntu in front of these ads, but I ran out of them  But I have these: http://tinyurl.com/mmwpfw
I don't have any code  do you have one??
@dogcow think you may have just figured out the issue. fans aren't on overdrive, but checked iStat. left fan = 0rpm. prob dead 
Having a deja-vu when re-entering data into a previously dropped MySQL table. SVN rocks. Once the data is in... 
Seems theres no UpdateSubscriber() in #interspire email marketer API so had to write my own http://bit.ly/3eYlPQ. missing all the sun tho 
@PinkyNKOTB still no joy  I save it to my desktop. What do you save it under, settings wise?????
@luvmadevisible nice thing abt dreams XP and why are your yayas taking advantage of you? 
Finally, keep using my 3.3 PDT / Aptana / Zend bundle. Too munch mystics issues with earlier versions of all of them 
Chrome is lagging agaaaaiin. 
just got home from church ... @CheesyBBuisket had 2 go home  i miss her already :'( ill c her 2moz tho!! XP
Gravity or I have hit the API limit= slumming it on m.twitter, harder to type when holding your nose 
Dreamhost, Trac, one-click install: index.fcgi is missing, never got confirmation e-mail. I already got excited 
@keeto My app's using OAuth and my user's posts are ALSO showing &quot;via web&quot;, too. 
My video card has died a hard death, causing a shutdown that corrupted my Windows install on that box.  
@Frances_Vista Totally. it kills me! my dad's affected by it 
Uninstalled TCGINA from laptop, screwed everything up. Profile is now in Windows folder.  All because I upgraded to TrueCrypt 6 
Clueless about Open DNS! noooob me  
@thushanfernando awesome news about the speeds but Chrome is abusing MajorVersion 
My google toolbar thinks I am a Bot  I guess this is a bug in the new Beta Toolbar.
@pydanny hmm... I'm working on a project where the table names have been changed from their default (despite the Django ORM)... PIA 
Was looking for 'Just for fun' a biography on Linus Torvalds...  Downloaded some crap instead of d actual ebook! 
back online with my new #Kubuntu system - but still now dual view 
@nitishupreti it's WPF based, so don't think it would be available for Linux. 
facebook connect logout bug in PHP library  Finally I found the problem and fixed it!  http://bit.ly/yYMLM
#Pidgin 2.5.6 + #GnuTLS 2.8.0 = #gtalk woes (TLS packet with unexpected length received)  #jabber #xmpp
Working on some javascript that won't work.. hhmm 
I have no idea how I used the internet before 1Password. I wish they'd come out with a Windows client 
@fyifiah your true love is a cat?!?! at least its a living thing. i did that and all i saw was my malay notes  XP hah.
need to do my project but my Microsoft Word isnt workinn  uqhhh shower timee!!
Checking to see if Boxee has a Windows version.  Looks like I'll have to wait till the end of June.  
I have digg and reddit RSS feeds on my netvibes homepage, when i click on the headline it takes me to the comments page  not the webpage
@cheth I have digg &amp; reddit RSS feeds on my netvibes homepage, when i click on the headline it takes me to comments page  not the webpage
@MvdMbladiebla I'll need to learn Java first though 
ShannonR just left, have to clean my room  lol kicking people's asses on facebook!! LOL XD XP
@mixero mixero doesn't work well under Linux 
http://www.lynda.com is truly a powerhouse training site. However their Quicktime movies don't play on my Vista laptop 
HTML source of http://tinyurl.com/dnetshit - Microsoft, PLEASE, abandon .NET. This technology is, as you can see, unusable. 
Updating Ubuntu broke my wireless and graphics  I had trouble with them initially, so I hope this isn't an ongoing thing...
Just had to buy a legit copy of Windows Vista. I feel so dirty. 
Just had my first win7 BSOD 
Moblin is a no go on his brothers laptop too 
i made my Server Fault question a community wiki as suggested, but now i wont get rep points 
I want to go to Chilla Vista today, but can't!  I'm barely starting on my boards and I still have to finish my evaluation sheets. blah me.
Mmmh MacSpeech Dictate doesnt cut it, trained and trained it, full failure, way to often. Only good thing the wireless mic  expensive toy
Trying out some new browsers after APS refuses Safari as a browser... 
Ohhh...Ext2IFS won't work with Windows 7. 
damn it was pcj but the code has already ben used 
(@makemethin uhh, I hate that...  I always lose weight from such pointless areas, like fingers, before my hips. XP I'm reading blogs.
@makemethin uhh, I hate that...  I always lose weight from such pointless areas, like fingers, before my hips. XP I'm reading blogs.
yup you failed me WMP big time! 
having issues with Auto updating plugins on Wordpress 
@thedeadknight band code? I don't have one 
@tomer no vista here. have dual boot, Linux&amp; XP. unfortunately most of the ppl I work with want .doc and will not do with .pdfs 
unfortunately VirtualBox does not support nested virtualization, so I cannot test Xen HA in my existing CentOS test cluster 
@GearGadget On that basis I think XP will continue. I hope Ubuntu NBR will rekindle interest in Linux on netbooks (in decline at the mo  )
@Yurechko I no longer use Word on my laptop, I use OpenOffice 
@amandatumulty Outlook not so good 
@FoudreNoir Outlook not so good 
@mmdeluna Outlook not so good 
As I was getting ready to update my phone, I ran into two problems - Win7 not supported for PC, and the XP machine...  toast   VM time!
just downloaded the TV FOX add-on for FireFox... Huge potential but not quite there 
@crazymitchell i know what you mean, I had trouble sleeping last few days, and I'm not planning to sleep 2night...got to finish this XML 
OmniFocus might be a too complex for my normal usage. thinking about switching to Things but my trail expired already  #things #omnifocus
wishes he was going to JavaOne. 
Nd 2 set up a new server 4 Confluence cuz hve bug in Tomcat on other one  ... tbc ...
Adobe Air won't run in my new Sabayon Linux, it only supports RPM and APT based distributions 
FirefUx and Vista 64bit don't seem to like each other.  Considering switching to Chrome again...I miss my add-ons so much, though 
@E_Flash so I just noticed that I am not on your friend list 
Argghh...just lost all my bookmarks whilst upgrading software 
@j_navarra That repo for Sabayon is sometimes slow. 
@BriannaLina Which is why, for a few months, I used Ubuntu Linux. BUt then I got WoW, and had to revert back to windows to play it 
zomg! decryption not following me  i feel saddened
@demize95 That sucks.  Technology will never be at par with itself.  I can't switch from XP, my parents might hurt me, lol
What the hell, my preview function in Wordpress suddenly stopped working.  I'm not in the mood to diagnose tonight. 
My Wordpress blog not allowing me to embed Slidecast.. 
Waaah! Chrome is acting up. 
Is working on a release for today/tomorrow of the IDE, sorry for not being very sociable recently, that's the reason 
30 mins on Ubuntu, looks nice, no wirelss  looking into how to solve this
N.O.L.F. 2 doesn't seem to work on Vista/Win7 
darn i can't seem to work out this jQuery modal window problem even after checkin out the possible solution 
complex SQLite-based xul tree, instantaneous rendering; the same if jQuery enabled: 6 seconds to render!!! Dropping jQuery in XUL 
@bawrie that sucks bawrie. awww....tomorrow without DOM! 
microsoft #bing does not recognize my symbian s60 browser 
@dopplrhq I'd REALLY like to try your dopplr:twitter API ... but you won't let me   I 'followed' dopplr &gt; 18 hours ago, still waiting.
@dale_vile I should have mentioned that too. I don't recall Beta 1 &quot;pausing&quot; at all. Nothing obvious in Event Viewer 
@paulmsmith try virtualBox works alot faster than VMware for me. you will have to create the images again though 
is trying to fix Javascript errors caused by a Script he has no control over 
Can't believe #Microsoft and #Asus are having a pop at #Linux like this: http://bit.ly/3w3PU3  
looking forward to Microsoft's E3 Conference  not looking forward to the guranteed imagine cup finalist announcement tonight 
*sigh* third BSoD on my netbook running Windows 7 RC, absolutely no idea why though 
@del_tron The &quot;like&quot; client is Deluge, which hogs a lot of resources. uTorrent is still lighter. No foobar replacement or anything close. 
#API testing... api doesn't work anymore?! 
Missing classes in Alfresco SDK &amp; source code 
such a Linux newbie: lost access to any kind of GUI after apparently disastrous Debian install of 'upgradeable packages'... 
Due some plugins cracking down lately, I am using Opera more on my Ubuntu! Damn, miss FF a lot 
www.navteq.com is crashing my Safari browser 
gettin into VM too much, if my stomach had a face it wud b  atm. not goin 2 skool. stupid broncitis! bed soonish..
TwitterBar for Mozilla is no good 
trying to install Microsoft Blend on Wine .. that's what happen when you are involved with anti-&quot;Open Software&quot; group 
That'd be right! Flash Builder and Flash Catalyst BETAs come out just as I'm about to leave for work 
@crablin Ahh, I'd be a bit worried about drivers - Duncan tried XP and there were no drivers for anything and that fucked his shit up. 
Downgraded to 4.7.0.75 and it recognized the update online and OTA immediately. Hybrid OS made it appear to be on A BES.....which is BS 
entering the world of NFS 
Botheration.  Firefox keeps crashing every time I try to insert an image into Wordpress.  This post will never get up.  Very frustrating. 
this HTML keeps getting worse and worse 
Dumbing down my code 
logging on for the day...Outlook is taking an eternity to open this morning 
Installing TinyMCE on an EE installation, followed by TinyBrowser. Edit screen slowdown 
@gobansaor Tried it but didn't work  I can normally switch between different connections &amp; change SMTP to suit. Not working with this one
wants Wordpress. 
@agentsarah6 FUNNY Re: IE but unfortunately NO CHOICE at werk.  Oracle CRAP Server designed around it.  Won't work with 7   Or 8...
Even tried to sign up for my own CommunityOne session about glassfish - but it is full  , 
Outlook just lost an email I've been crafting for the last 20 minutes. It had a Rastafarian table in it too 
@anothercitizen not me, the stupid server, I did what I could to save it 
tired from staying up late to finish Eclipse... i'm a little depressed that i only have one more book left... 
Trying to make sense of Prism in Silverlight... unzipped the Feb09 package from MSDN but can't find those dlls I'm looking for... weird.. 
@fquadrat @haykuro's build has been leaked with the watermark still in the firmware, so now his source is possibly busted. 
buy a camcorder yesterday, the software says it is not compatible with Vista SP2 and there are no downloads on the site 
3 weeks away from work and I've forgotten PHP 
Missing out on all the fun stuff, and reading about iSCSI 
would like to look at GWT but every time see 'java' feel bad 
CPU sans PAE means no Moblin for me  - that's what I get for being a cheapo and buying old hardware
@jlefevere Outlook not so good 
@jkavanagh58 mostly the horrible perf of Windows LiveWriter is what kills me, but I still use it 
I think my beta is about to kick the bucket. 
@maarken It's a printer in texas and I'm trying to walk a branch guy through setting it to do DHCP. 
PERL rulez!!! PCRE sucks! 
Oh no! @theghostof1000 new album isn't recognised by Windows Media player. I'll have to wait until I get home to listen to it 
@peterscampbell: You're right, OWA '07 is pretty decent, actually. I guess my org isn't there yet 
I want to be at JavaOne, but I'm not. I haven't been since 2001...  http://ff.im/-3sUfM
@jesusmbaez I just wish I could boot my 64-bit copy of Vista Home Premium in Parallels/VMware Fusion/Virtual Box    .
did some ITIL training today. So much fun 
Trying hard to write a good unit test -- but feel that I am barking up the wrong tree with this here Asynchronous function  #fb
@4robertanderson that page doesn't load for me.  Server Errors. 
This evening I will be mostly playing with MS SQL, and looking up Asus service procedures; the left click is all but gone on my EEE 900 
can't load Facebook at all now. Tried Safari, Firefox and Opera 
@S4BI ooo where ya training? mk college? suppose u also work in a pharmacy? i still don trust dose things tho... lol make me drowsy 
had a mild cough and sniffle yesterday... today I'm losing my voice. perfect timing for JavaOne. 
@depping I didn't not   very frustrated with Vmware today.  the waiting is killing me
OpenSolaris 2009.06 release, but does anyone care about it?  http://bit.ly/Kvomr
Fighting with JavaScript today.  **sigh** 
Disappointed to discover that Flash 10.0.2 update did not fix the disappearing base class bug. 
Mtv awards were imo boring  my pc is screwed atm. Vista needs to die
@josephschmitt It says it needs to install Flash Player 10. I have Flash Player 10 installed. Detect code fail. 
My OpenOffice keeps freezing on me.  
AIM died on me today. Can I please get a downgrade to Windows XP now? 
does anyone know why my SBSettings doesnt work? if i push any toggle, its like i didnt touch anything 
I'm failing at PHP right now 
my sharepoint server is broken 
@annapires Currently in Moscow. I also wanted to embed video in Wordpress, but found out (as far as I remember) it can't be done 
#atlassiansummit Jira 4 Beta looks nice, but shocked it still doesn't do version planning after so many yrs - Greenhopper still a plugin 
Firefox just crashed on me  I lost the Jetpack script that I wrote the other day 
Did I mention that @jolicloud supports Boxee? I bet it runs smooth on jolicloud. Boxee on Ubuntu barely passes muster. 
Designer/web-designer by anneyoung: It is a re-post.  I need a graphic designer with knowledge of Web designin.. http://tinyurl.com/mb5w8u
I need to build a new computer. Ubuntu,XP dual boot. This old thing isn't coping anymore. 
Designer/web-designer by anneyoung: It is a re-post.  I need a graphic designer with knowledge of Web designin.. http://tinyurl.com/lb4yfo
Designer/web-designer by anneyoung: It is a re-post.  I need a graphic designer with knowledge of Web designin.. http://tinyurl.com/lb4yfo
@perosh I read it, thanks.  Seems like it's .NET based.  No mention of Java anywhere 
@trvsbrkr I think the server crashed again! 
@kirienne [CodeReviewer] If only it worked on graphical code 
Designer/web-designer by anneyoung: It is a re-post.  I need a graphic designer with knowledge of Web designin.. http://cli.gs/UTp6L5
It takes me to Dashboard without giving option to join yoir ring 
Symantec AV Enterprise Server does *not* like domain hopping. 
@jgrayla What's with the pr0n ads showing up when viewing RSS feed articles in streamy? Who has control of these ads? Not cool. 
Still can't spot that damn missing/misaligned HTML/php intermingled crap. Just chose WP Hemingway theme and pledged to fix mine later 
Finished watched EAsone good items like mass effect 2 and maybe NFS:S but overall dissapointed  @AndyMHolt buy one, you need one!!
Goodnight world.  I know I'm gonna be dreaming PHP/HTML/JS all mixed in with each other... 
@TinyURL ...how do I prevent ZoneAlarm from blocking all the links created through your service and leading me to your 404 page? 
How can that #xboxe3 be so awesome and the rest of MS still un-support awesome stuff like HTML5, CSS3/Acid? 
@Nattjenta I hadn't been checking until I realized my Outlook was doing funky things, so I'm trying to fix it &amp; hence see those emails. 
Folding shirt..hmm! Lots of stuff to do on Flash too. 
Landed at SAN a little while ago. I woke up with a sore left shoulder. It's still really sore. 
@keanerie Unfortunately, they don't support RSS 
don't know if it's just my computer, thinking not, Safari 4 doesn't handle a lot of tabs very well 
is irritated by ATI's crappy Linux drivers. Wish my nVidia hadn't crapped out.  #fb
&quot;There's a shadow hanging over me&quot;, apt on-hold music to describe my call to Netregistry ATM. Server config issue on migration morning 
@grim1208  Yes it is. It is my 1st project in Python in a while as well. Last thing I worked on was a RSA cracker. Never did finish it. 
@samuraipanzer  and here I was expecting a life-altering Thunderbird extension.
The good reason of ubuntu is the support for python new version. In CentOS, python version is 2.4 
@MrsNorton I wish I had it like that . . . I have to pay $15 for my Microsoft Office 
@northcotehorses open a PDF: Open URL script step; print on Mac OS X: Perform AppleScript script step; Print on Windows: ask someone else 
@AlCastle still ain't over yet - that box also handled SMTP and IMAP services, so they're also getting migrated our other rack tonight. 
@jmonterrey If I get home early tomorrow, I will d/l it &amp; try it. Whatever happened to Firefox, it was so ok... 
Why can't I get MySQL thingymabob working  so frustrating
iTunes 8.2 released to the wild.  Lots of security fixes to stop PwnageTool et al from working 
@xSiteable I only have Vista, sorry 
someone get on iChat  ... @lowz left me talking to myself
I don't get this, can anyone help? AppleScript  http://bit.ly/M9FUW
#WPF error - &quot;cannot modify the logical children for this node at this time because a tree walk is in progress&quot; - has zero google hits 
Im having some problems installing Windows 7 RC1 
this relationship is fall'n apart iThink ihts juhst noht tha way iht use tu be' this is mah fault ugghh  &amp; iDo understand wht yhu mean bay
Magento , changing code too frequently 
@jdowson I guess I have to wait until they decide to allow me in to the beta.  
@shuuro I use AVG, but some said that it doesn't detect many of the new viruses. They say McAfee does a better job, but it's not free. 
Joomla or Wordpress.. which one ... which one 
@brainopera I do agree with you on the point about UI.. somehow it brings WinMobile to mind when I look at it 
I'm wishing Xmarks support for Chrome would hurry up and be released...I hate out of sync bookmarks 
Just when you think you have fixed a server.... 
My command prompt is screwed up! Java compiling doesn't work and now even the ipconfig\flush doesn't work 
@thisisrobster Ugh, I just typed a nice long comment on that blog post, but OpenID ate it 
Apologies to my fellow MSDN forumers; I will start participating again soon - just simply don't have the time to dedicate to it at the mo 
I've never seen an editor that could even come *close* to the awesomeness of &quot;e&quot; (http://e-texteditor.com). A pity I'm on OSX 
Really considering dropping firefox. But I stored all my bookmarks with the google toolbar. 
Oh dear, Microsoft is finding ways to infect Firefox thru its security patches  http://bit.ly/15rXjP Leave us alone u evil people!
Orchestrator for vsphere is asking for a serial number .. Does anyone know how to activate this when running a trial copy? 
was enjoying WoW until they shut down the server for maintenance 
Resetted Wordpress password via MySQL command prompt as described here: http://bit.ly/F1rTh  
Firefox just ate up all my tabs!  Frustrating stuff! lol
@amykate I want a JavaScript day  all i have today is PHP
alarm went off at 6 and already giving SOA Governance training again. and that after pinkpop 
@carboam VPNs suck. 
@robertDouglass as long as we still support MyISAM, no  #MySQL #fail.
Firefox 3.5 Beta 4 and TYPO3: Looks really good but the &quot;Clear all cache&quot; Button is not working 
@cornelis my vps is down too 
@Daniordie user does not exist 
@peelapp - my beta has expired 
HAS MUMPS !!! 
@LIKLEP is it the new age msn? no one uses msn anymore! gay!!! will you be my 1st iChat friend? 
Webhost is down. 
Arghhhh! MySQL!! After a year of PHP I still can't do the basics 
@evilpublisher That functionality is going to be in the *next* release I'm afraid 
@thefictiondesk If you like. Also afraid to log into WordPress account to reply to your latest comment on my blog! 
@matthewwood Your signup process fails on the Verified by Visa payment section - getting an Internal Server Error 
@emalyse sadly my work is tied into Windows usage, MS probably own my soul 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/2y9c6 - I'm reading Eclipse yet. I can't get out of the page number 295 
Anyone tried Windows Live Space? Looks like I've lot access to my blog. 
After evaluating ClearCase, Perforce, VisualStudio Team Server and StartTeam, I am moving back to Subversion for source control. 
Solaris International Podcast 160 just lovin it !!! really wicked!! gard i wish they played international music like this in south africa 
@TheColonial On the other hand, I can't really use the old ViEmu input system (WPF), and the new one is bad. = new hacks needed. 
@linuxluver #Netbooks looked like potential bastion of single-user #Linux, but business nincompoopery torpedoed that  #Microsucks
Once again, YSlow! is thrown out the window 
@trevormendham Yep, FF has been very slow for me too over the last couple of months or so (on Ubuntu Intrepid/Jaunty). Disappointing 
@guybrush0 I would, but there is no FTP access 
@stevekatz We have used turnitin.com for 3 years. Librarian and teachers seem quite happy with it. No OpenOffice 
uh oh - outa API  - I have been such a good little person - now I have been naughty - the naughty corner for me for the next 4 minutes 
@surfing_the_sun Outlook not so good 
well, i guess no programmers knowing Regex are following me 
thinks can someone lend me a XoftSpySE license key??  http://plurk.com/p/xvdkr
I'm struggling to use Jasper and Essbase together over XMLA. Can anyone point to a good guide? Legacy db, Mondrian not an option. 
@Sweena Windoze and wii only though 
I have to be familiar with English. I have suffered from reading English docs like JDBC tutorial. 
Uups, I did it again  Nekam na viditelne misto si musim napsat: &quot;Z MS ADO se *NEDAJI* volat Oracle stored procedury s parametrem boolean!&quot;
I love Zend Studio f. Eclipse (as the whole Eclipse too).  The RSE SSH plugin simply does not work and kills the IDE. 
ESX hosts in a DMZ environment + bloody minded network admins + crappy customer infrastructure = waste of the rest of my week 
I'm a complete idiot. Was meant to be at a VMWare/Netapp seminar this morning and completely forgot 
forced to reboot, 3VMs is too much for windows 
@depping @bjornbats @LucD22 I use vmkfstools -i to clone the disk to a different VMFS Datastore, VM had a snapshot on a small VMFS... 
Firefox died... Once again 
IBM doesn't seem to make AIX workstations anymore   Sun doesn't list a Sparc workstation on their site   Is everyone on x86 linux now?
hmm appearantly Drupal can't handle 140k taxonomy terms 
@vyger99 parser fell over again  are you there now?
Firebug quit working 2 days ago. I'm lost without it. 
I now hate Firefox! It doesn't cache things properly and it doesn't clear it's cache properly either! I had to resort to using Opera FFS! 
no time to tweet today  But some good !Java stuff instead!
no time to tweet today  But some good !Java stuff instead!
&lt;3 JSON, JavaScript objects and PHP ... now time to ... clean 
@marilynpratt there are more Java troubleshooting [sic] wiki pages that look like SAP note copies, down to the typos.  waste of my time.
 My WoW updater is being stupid.
Ohhhh, I got invited to VMware Fusion's private beta... but I can't discuss any features 
@cronopia Right now I'm trying to track down about a year's worth of emails that went missing in Thunderbird when I ran a filter... 
noticing some of the long-time java guys seem, well, less happy about JavaOne this year 
Just wrote my first &quot;hello world&quot; FastCGI app (in C) and deployed it on lighttpd. The C was really easy; the server config was painful! 
tried the whole day to connect to vrayforc4d http://tr.im/nd1r  Safri, FireFox, Opera...nothing worked    ist das schon die #zensursula ?
*sigh* making my vista laptop work on XP is mostly great  - except now my email keeps freezing. 
@Harrygep I'm not it's completely fixed. A load (though not all) of my tweets from Gwibber are still showing as web. 
@Harrygep I'm not sure it's completely fixed. A load (though not all) of my tweets from Gwibber are still showing as web. 
@PluginID Outlook not so good 
Led in my tent writing some #SQL views into #crystaldermy image tables, bored shitless  Http://the-port.co.uk
One chapter left on Eclipse! I cant stop reading and theres only one more book left  
Ahh @crowdspring, I love what you do but I hate your servers 
@phoch00 No attack, hardware fail on one of the devices that does load balancing across our web servers.  Thanks for hanging in!
@djhsecondnature My code hasn't turned up yet 
I consider myself very knowledgeable about CSS, but is their a CSS selector that selects a PARENT of an element? I don't think so 
utaaa no puedo hacer commits fucking SVN 
@JaymEsch I don' have Leopard. 
@stellargirl my laptop does both of those things - and crashes FireFox on a regular basis too 
I'm kind of sad.  The beginning of my website and contest launch, and my host gets a 500 Internal Server Error!  
@lemketron Outside OWA via Safari or IMAP Mail, depressingly not. 
@HeyHeatherette hey girl! I didn't even know u called me back till now when I got another VM  call me tomorrow! O gotta chop it up with u!
Google video chat won't work on Windows Vista/7 x64 
still plaaying with Ubuntu---not sure i will ever master this os 
Unfortunately never made it to the Java Posse BOF  you can't do it all #javaone
@antrix that's odd  - try bitvise tunnelier? i use that for SSH forwarding - more reliable than putty for that particular trick.
Debugger has decided to kill me today 
After the update the xkcd and DilbertDroid Apps aren't working anymore  #G1
@bensonk42 @fogcreekcopilot followed me too.  No Linux support 
i'm really lovin this Djay Software. simply beautiful technology. bye bye turntables  http://www.djay-software.com/
@MiltyKiss I guess it's time to find out what PHP script got exploited, patch/remove it, and roll back to your backups.    Teh suck.
Doing some unattended VMware ESX installations on some blade servers. Unfortunately still 3.5 
server down 
playing around with Drupal... not that impressed. I need something really simple - not masses of options 
Microsoft is really pissing me off... RAID works, but now I get a blue screen when I open / close the dvd player 
@thetechnewsblog Us Linux users are still waiting too  ... Although many Linux users may have already lost interest by now
@jephjacques coffee rocks! \o/ just having a cup of Java before heading to my exam 
just to say loud as usual: Miscrosoft Vista is a Virus ! I'm condemned to use it  for months &amp; years !
@KyeLani alas not from the phone - no suitable software for a Windows Mobile 2003  certainly post some when i get back!
Since Joyent took over from Textdrive my lifetime's server space doesn't get much loving... it's down quite often 
Re-importing Hibernate from pom.xml into IntelliJ IDEA 
Where is my WoW server? 
Testing a site in various browsers, only 17 browsers to test. 
Seemic Desktop seems nice. But it doesn't support input method on my environment (Linux, ATOK) 
Still moving my IMAP mails to Exchange servers.. 
is think jQuery one of the many tools of the devil. I love it... 
There are no good articles about how to override an admin controller in Magento 
@simonech Can connect to MS OCS with Adium. SIP doesn't support TLS. Can't use Mail.app - no IMAP etc only Exchange/MAPI 
@zbeauvais I work usually with over 100 tabs spread over 20 windows, Safari 4b can do it if I remove the flash plugin 
Started installing Windows in Parallels last night because Office 2008 doesn't get some things right 
Wishing I was at #fowa instead of fighting with SSIS again 
@crouchy Handbrake (not sure exactly what yet - they're looking into it) and wiper blades (which i replaced 2 months ago!) 
Eclipse/IntelliJ too heavy to work with when 2 application servers are running on my system. Working on Textpad till I get an upgrade.... 
@manish its the hardest decision i have made as an admin. but it seems i would have to order 15 windows workstation for the admin staffs 
So safari aggressively caches DNS. Its caching the local ip for one of our dev servers 
I was feeling bullish (or stupid) by installing Windows 7 RC on my desktop.  .NET ClickOnce does not work now.  So no Blu 
@Wallfish: thanks 4 the info. Client needs to send/receive big attachments, they don't know ftp, cant use google for domains now 
notices that the Windows 7 release date is after the date on which the free TechNet subscription expires 
@jobadge just be greatful you're not moving to Moodle! 
Is it wrong that I want the Dabr widget to have a transparent b/g on the icon? Looks untidy on my active desktop 
Failing to deploy to new VPS. GitHub/Capistrano problems - remote says 'git ls-remote &lt;github repo&gt;' command not found.. any ideas? 
how come when i use I.E my site is on Maintenance Mode, but then when I use FireFox its not 
Offline for the rest of the day. I'm sorry 
@imgiseverything: They open up lots of Accessibility / Usability / X-Browser issues. Haven't got any decent articles to link to though 
trying to setup XDCMP login from this WinXP thin client to my old Xubuntu workstation.. the display doesn't refresh entirely.. 
fixing a CSS to make a page look alike a specification is not as simple as i expected 
Why does @ABCiView take so long to open? Latency (stupid)! Lots of little requests take longer than one big one. Cache resistant too 
@Urioxis Amarok uses SQL - I'm just having to go through and do the initial tagging for tracks that didn't have any. 
My installation of Visual Studio Team System 2010 doesn't like my Windows Worklfow project. It opens the project and crashes right away 
Hard drive croaked &amp; even DiskWarrior can't save it  Fortunately it's under warranty &amp; I have a backup. Not sure if apps are backed u ...
Looking for some expert in C and Unix with NSE/BSE market connectivity experience.  Do we have them in real world
HOW to put RSS on my vBulletin board? 
@bloglines getting the same error on beta.bloglines.com with XP and latest firefox.  was working fine on Vista last night 
1. I'm in love with Eudora's dog. 2. I don't like the fact my schedule is so packed. I feel so overwhelmed  I wish life was simpler.
Wolfram|Alpha still does not contact me about API usage yet 
Looks like I don't get to tinker with twitter API today after all 
I've got to play w/ my DSL modem (Bridge vs PPPoE) and my router, today. Web surfing in Linux is as slow as dial-up!  #savemyexperience
ugggh I hate ie6.  or maybe it just hates my stylesheets. 
@elijahmanor Why Entity Framework (ADO.net) don't work with Vista SP1 ? 
@silner Unless Pidgin supports voice/video now, there is something wrong with it, sadly. And no one really uses SIP VoIP, so Skype it is 
4TB Software RAID nas Rebuild ... 625mins (10.5 hours) ... speedy recovery 
Some of the new ExtJS widgets are looking nice: http://sn.im/jcnqn Just SO hard to recommend something licensed like that. 
Safari &amp; WebKit keeps crashing for no reason after a while. Switching to Firefox 
Microsoft Money 2007 Home &amp; Business - probably the only reason why I won't give up Windows 
All the design jobs local to me are web based  I dont do web design.. think its time to learn CSS :/
Seems i will not be able to attend @abuarja session about ASP.NET MVC  ...me no like this!
@burlesquer http://iconfactory.com/software/twitterrific mac only though 
Outlook is already crashing... not the best way to start off the day. 
- Struggling with CSS atm! 
Interesting note Sky F@ST2504 SERVER:LINUX/2.4 UPnP/1.0 BRCM400/1.0. I have simple python code to pump out SSDP info but not interact 
@FriendlyMonster I can't get any of my twitter programs to work. Says that the API is messed. 
Live Mesh Remote Desktop is less than impressive  Why does it take SO long to connect?
Got a Microsoft Embedded Partner shirt in post! Really really nice quality... only problem is... It's a small! not in a million years! 
someone sent me a mixi invite (*^u^*) ~ but I got caught up on the phone number bit  ~ oh well.. we'll keep trying.  XP
@amypaulsmom do you use the &quot;recurring dates&quot; for &quot;tasks&quot;?  There is no support for recurring ToDo's apparently in iCal natively 
@hairequalslife Outlook not so good 
I want Uncharted 2 beta codes 
@bfheroes wait.. the closed beta is gone? 
i want to hear Solaris so much 
Here is exactly what NOT to do on a web page http://bit.ly/104cQl  jquery, jquery plugins, CSS is all just pasted in  (via @oscargodson)
Working from my PC bcz NoteBook is in repair shop. 
@harisn Hi Hasin, I came across your blogpost on Ubuntu Themes. I am new to Ubuntu. I downloaded them but don't know how to install it. 
Ah ahhhhhhh ahhhhhhhhh! Painful painful PHP apps! Where's my rails apps! I want rails apps! 
14 Most Visually Appealing Free Wordpress Themes. And none of them can be seen on WP.com - http://is.gd/PfbR 
@barrybrown we're missing the toy show at JavaOne 
This goddamned conn. is absolutely unusable for even a single API call right now  Reading Intel's architecture manual Vol 3 to pass time
@mathie It can't be cloned from the Rubaidh repo on Github either 
Google docs:  Server Error The server encountered a temporary error and could not complete your request. Please try again in 30 seconds.  
@mizzlina0 awww..I hate the smell of Endian food  idk how ppl eat it!!!
OK, so I load Parallels and migrate settings from VM. C3D license is pooched. 
@timmattison unfortunally i can not test it as i do not have a linux server available   - would be great if it would run on my webspace.
Just talked to a bunch of devs who told me what I'm trying to do is insanely hard/impossible to implement. 
@hartsock substituting &quot;php&quot; for &quot;jsp&quot; it's pretty easy to do.  Not sure why it'd be an issue in JSP, but i'm not jsp expert... 
overr boreddd  but who has read Eclipse ? i cant wait to see the ending!
Firefox, did you just kill my WordPress session again? 
@vimal0212 sorry - not something I can fix  email the Koha list
CorePlayer should do a WinMo Standard version 
Offline 
@forensicmama @doctorsuez I think it's just the API limit - I reach that somedays 
#sinatra on #appengine is parsing the JSON request body into a crazy Hash that doesn't work, and I can't get the raw request anywhere 
Even though Chrome doesn't support extensions, its worth it ! Only this bug where my pointer stops clicking is damn annoying 
Surprised I wasn't aware of VisualVM before #JavaOne but why is it not in the JDK on Mac like other platforms 
Wish I could sync iCal w/ my BB Bold  PocketMac doesn't work and neither does MissingSync. RIM, please make Desktop Manager for Mac ASAP!
@mattrogowski Happened to me when downloading the Windows 7 Beta 1 from Microsoft 
My Xcode has cobwebs 
Fucking Cacti is driving me bananas. Why can't this use nice config scripts like Nagios. XML+GUI is frustrating and painful. 
@quaigee There's apparently a site that can tell you whether you can run Sims3! I cant use it cuz its Windows only   http://is.gd/Px2f
End of Java One, now at SFO waiting for my flight home - 4 hour delay though 
@Kristodynamics Oooh! I think I just learned to do that in CSS. I liked the 3 column thing but I don't think it worked 
This beta milestone will never end 
@deanmao We really just need someone with OpenSSL/crypto experience to help us a little bit 
@etherlad The website says Astra is still in Beta... and when we used Trillian it was in Beta - over a year ago.  
Age of Empire III is incompatible with this version of Windows . NOOOOOOOOO Windows 7 no podia ser tan bueno 
I don't know how to get my browser working!!!! I think i messed it up 
I don't want to finish reading Eclipse because then I'll only have 1 more left 
Chrome on the mac doesn't like blip.fm. Songs won't play for me. 
@allisongrayce what do you mean? you must have not had a proper Joomla instructor 
@Appsanity I have but I never got my code  lol
Sockets aren't easy to use and Java won't even tell me when they lose connection 
Installed Windows Update VISTA Service Pack 2 and lost audio on my PC.  Windows is great  
OS X table is read only in MySQL... #help!!! 
Doing website shenanigans. Slimming down CSS is fun. I had an idea a day ago and now I forgot it though 
I made a video but hell if I am ever gonna figure out Windows Movie Maker! I feel defeated and I was so excited too! 
i cant get 2 of my #JPanels working  stupid GUI. this is why i usually stick to console. &gt;=[
 Microsoft Windows Guru program came to an end for a lot of east coast guru's
Linux Mint is slick. EZ compiz. Hassle on install(compat mode THEN detect GFX card).  Air installer segfaults, can't install Twitter apps 
I lost my @PockeTwit .cab file after my ROM update 
I think it's tragic that Python Magazine's URL is http://pymag.phparch.com/ and the site's running on PHP 
what can i be doing?? coding 
@RunPee I can't see your page using Firefox, it's just blank 
/me is disappointed - JavaFX is not really opensourced  ... I guess I won't give it a try, I can as well use Flash.
How do I edit the index.php template on #WordPress 2.7.1? I searched for ten minutes, but can't find the template editor anymore  #fb
No way around it. Seems I'll have to roll my own WebDAV server, as I can't find any open source Cocoa code. 
I am getting tired of using Windows Vista and its freaking firewalls!! argh! 
my gandi vps is down 
Getting sick and when I look out to the terrible weather I get even more sicker.  SNARF!
@F1_Girl  Nambu at work only mac-ed up there) Although I 'spose it may work on Linux too. *thought*
@gtissa Still having issue and it's GDI!!! Their FTP servers arent updating my website data!  Nikki
@iphonelovede i have to agree! Twitterrific looks great and has giod functionality! 2. Choice is twitterfon! but it ceashes sometimes 
reinstalled OSX, lost all of my RSS from mail.app. help 
thank you AVG scan for slowing my pc so effing much! also lost my voice &gt;.&lt;  going back to bed...
@aaronwall I just made the mistake of clicking their link to see what they were. Autoplay video just woke up my girlfriend 
Hat jemand jQuery-Tools runtergeladen? Der Server ist down 
@cargowire, Shame it requires Microsoft Silverlight 
I'm afraid my extHDD for Backup's broken  ... Doing Verify Disk - keepin' my fingers crossed ...
I need to revise data mining algorithms 
went to BSD and citos. didnt get to buy the nude high heels for grad and grey dots ballet flats cos my dad was in a hurry! 
@SnowgooseSA saaave me from my Wordpress hell 
we want API! http://tinyurl.com/o49vf9 #wolframalpha. Doc says no semantic response, though...  http://tinyurl.com/prtbp7
@mediocre_mum crikey tried to read the API article and I nodded off 3 time.I now realise having kids has rotted my brain 
I know PHP is supposed to be THE easy way for deploying web apps, but after installing it my server feels tainted 
I've hit a brick wall in my ICT work.  If anybody can help me with creating a HTML image map I'd love you forever 
SERIOUSLY looking 4 input on MS CRM 4.0  didn't choose it, gotta work w/it   HTML showing up everywhere in email activity report -anyone?
The heck? This is warmups. Cloud is such an AFK feeder noob  (rofl)
JavaFX mobile phone announced in mobility keynote ... wish I could get one 
I cant go to the pool  CRAP! ERGG! Birthday Party XP and Family XP
I want to be at JavaOne next year!!!  need to find a way to fund it...mmmm!!
http://twitpic.com/6qyi7 - I hate when HTML emails don't show up right on my phone. 
@ryancastle Oh, nevermind. You probably just got two free licenses from Microsoft. Won't be able to do that with XP though 
@charltonweb what about SD Drupal? 
Even IBM uses the JEE moniker  It's &quot;JavaEE&quot; folks. You're all so lazy! ;)
installed macdrive to have access to HFS disk in bootcamp. Result: can't boot into Leopard anymore, mbp hangs at blue screen before login 
@KPfefferle Checked it out on a Virtual Machine w/ IE7 &amp; seemed 2 be ok, if not a little jittery. Nothing obvious in the script either  mm
Turns out that OpenSim just blows when it comes to texture performance, and it wasn't my build at all 
@kraln I work for a Linux company, so Netflix doesn't work on our machines. 
my Python-fu was really lacking for the past 9 hours. 
Trying to install the current Chromium build on Fedora, using a converted version of the Debian package. Please build RPMs, Google! 
Already 365 pages into Eclipse .... sadly over half way through the book 
@lucyrose29 Outlook not so good 
Microsoft Windows 7 download page sucks 
@kellyvbrown I've been waiting for some plugins to update since 3.0 came out 
@tontino Did you sell it before the Firmware update? 
@AngieChan070707 you have my utmost sympathy  i dont know how you can stand it XP
@allgames i didn't get my code 
@rjakesdub I could only get normal   customization is brilliant!!
Damn, SourceForge is down just when I want to download The Gimp 
Anyone happen to have a link to a mirror containing the latest version of #TortoiseSVN? SourceForge is down, and I need to upgrade it 
Windows Home Server RDC always times-out and i got tired 
Your device does not meet the system requirements that are needed to support BlackBerry Messenger for Software Versions 4.0 and 4.1. WTF! 
beta site is down right now.  working on it.
Can't damned Microsoft hurry up and release the XNA 3.1 final?! 
I think I found the problem: Thunderbird 3 Beta. 
@steve228uk I would install the old version but I don't think it'll work on Server 08 
Now installing Vista SP2, taken 28mins so far. 
Trying to train my three Huskies not to jump on the bed and the furniture  &quot;Everything Starts in the Sandbox&quot;
@jamis i know  but it's still better than leaving readable ruby source around.  It'd be nice to encrypt ruby code with a private key...
My phone died in updating to newest firmware due to a Runtime error in windows,i want my Nokia 5320 back.. 
SourceForge.net down 
@MyNameisRazzle but doesn't do anything fancy. I don't think older (even 1 yr old) things like Vista. 
bummed i'm not out at the integratron.  i am looking forward to the playa ROM though!
I already regret having started to read up on SharePoint Server 2007. No Vista reading (whatever it'd be good for) yet...  
Interesting site about the Chrome build, under mac the webkit test failed  Link: http://build.chromium.org/buildbot/waterfall/console
New UI for customers DNN module going well  http://bit.ly/UC83M  Framework is in, have to struggle with the ugliness/CSS still 
I still have no friends on iChat.. i dont think any of my friends have it  I waanna use it badly
@GCofOBM Outlook not so good 
Sitting by the pool (at my dad's) playing around on my new operating system. Linux:Ubuntu. I love it.. no itunes though... 
SourceForge.net is offline... 
@cspenn   I'm on Korgath. Alliance as well, Gnome warrior. but i just play for the questing... not a raider. that'
trying to install MAC OSX on a PC ...no luck 
What happened to VPN? 
... #MySQL: Less I forget, that only works for single character substrings 
Reinstalling windows XP on a computer with just a sata hdd what a pain 
@jeffhilimire ugh. I feel your pain. Browser-related headaches come in many forms and are an unfortunate part of this modern life 
i need geek help. VLC media files arent supported by too many things - have a converter but cant figure out how to make the magic. 
@jnoe i would have a few hours ago but now 4am and after two BSOD.  good luck, i move every 6 months so i understand!
ok.... waaaay too much chocolate! JMS and I are now sick! ... 
Still wondering why the hell I don't have Jolicloud 
altho i like the familiarity i get with winxp...i wanna go linux on my netbook, XP is incompatible and stutters/freezes alot 
#wordpress Does your hosting reject bstat plugin? 
Reading: really want this  &quot;Lifehacker - The Minimalist OS X Desktop - Desktops&quot; ( http://bit.ly/kHokK )
Downloading Ubuntu 9.04..  I gave in.. 
Upgrading to Ubuntu 9.04, nice   8.04 ~&gt; 8.10 ~&gt; 9.04 #wtf
OAuth has been kicking my butt for the past few hours 
@underlow I know PHP. I just don't understand WP 
My API only went down to 94/100 with 7 clients open. 
Checking out Google Chrome for Linux. Hmm All the sites are working pretty fine now. I guess Firefox is the culprit then. 
@nimbupani would love to do the same analysis on my feeds. problem is all i have are OPML files and those are bloody hard to analyze 
Having Outlook migration issues. This is going to take all morning 
@itweet Why is the HTTPs function for iTweet not working? 
@Amarok806 sad that i can't play sims 3 on my system 
@TiddlyWiki: thinking how a multiurl  trail would look inside an iFrame in a TW - http://tinyurl.com/otnyon - il ne marche pas  
@renn what about the usability of http://www.hyves.nl 
StackOverflow is down  How am I meant to amuse myself on a sunday morning now?
StackOverflow is down  How am I meant to amuse myself on a sunday morning now? http://bit.ly/14WPsL
Pressing a key in Safari beta 4 when no input box is selected is causing it to crash. 
@haami Unles al parties u wsh to hv ths cht wth r on XP or oldr thn seems u're out of luck fr NetMeeting anywy. Cnt think of anythn else 
@untrainedninja I use tweetdeck for my mb while I use tweetie for my iPhone but once I get stuck in API he'll, both apps don't work. 
Oh teh noes. XP installer has failed  Its crashed 
Downloading songbird. Amarok just doesn't work after updating Ubuntu to 9.0.4 
Windows Vista SP2: internet access with fix ip address still won't work  DHCP works flawless. #vista
Dammit, I seem to have made a mess of my Python install using Macports 
going to run out of API soon - took too long to activate and lost several whilst getting impatient  - will be out for about 25 minutes
Transmission is heavy on resources ... VLC stutters when it's on, even when Transmission is in 'slow' mode 
@lisle FF lags more for me than Chrome and it hangs too! 
@jp1983 Looks like quite a few people have had the same idea, I'm nearly out of API on tweetdeck 
@littledotty i have vista on my laptop and XP on my desktop - Vista can be a bit of a pain sometimes! 
@moemoemoemoe Does it cost money? I'm not buying any apps. And telstra are being fags so I can't download through Cydia 
@janiceromero same thing happened to me..  it either you not use Akismet or just check your comments daily.
....trying to figure out WordPress permissions!  Grrrrrrrrr..........
ohno ! i totally messed up the whole coding .. have to delete all of it , start on a new one 
i let my mom take A SIP of my bubble tea and 1/4 of the cup's gone 
Having a coffee in Starbucks, still can't get into Linux box after re-install  boxes that require DHCP now losing addresses, b@gger
Having a coffee in Starbucks, still can't get into Linux box after re-install  boxes that require DHCP now losing addresses, b*gger
Has anyone had any issues with Windows Mobile Device Center on Windows 7 ? I cant get it to work 
has a crashed desktop, poor OS's none of them load cause I have a Effin' Dynamic Sata drive connected 
@rossmasters indeed. The problem there however is you need an (private) API key and they limit the request each key can make per day 
nah. twitter clients suck, one or the other way.  eating up APIs and shit. why cant we get a good twitter software!
@SueB_ yup u can use 100APIs in an hour. the thing is that is exactly the reason y i hate twitter clients!they always go over that! 
 Vista sucks. It would be super awesome to get started on my database, but they don't have it working for 64-bit yet. VM, perhaps?
something with WordPress, and I can't fix it. 
Flash is so hard to learn  I'm gunna keep trying though because it looks so cool on website.
I love Tabs but she's the reason I have to clean this house so much 
Aww, Flash Crashed in Chrome 
@erose_ Bonjour keeps my bank account and todo list in sync.  Adium works tho.
Why is Cocoa so obtuse? I want to sort an array of strings: about 15 characters in Ruby, Perl, about 15 lines in Cocoa. 
@Saberserene I could swear I saw it on Software Update. OS 3 was there. There's no info on the web to back me up so maybe I'm wrong 
@fatgenius - #ubuntu does not allow LTS to non-LTS upgrade  ... used to try and run the same version on servers and my comp. Not anymore!
waiting for the WWDC... drinking tea and in love with Catalyst and Flash Builder but still on top of a cupboard for 1line of free WiFi 
why are applications so strenuous? 
@rvidal interesting but Mendeley didn't import my PDFs v well - titles incomplete and then beachballed when tried &gt;1 at a time 
@patchnhils coolbeans! u need to enable RSS or Atom feeds in blogger, otherwise I can't get it 
Intel graphics are a pain to get to place nice with Xorg... 
@chip_roberson I'm still working on the use of the twitter search API ... it seems they lag sometimes, and then drop some tweets. 
Still doing my Mono homework!! 
Wants to play CSS.... But has to wait for AVG to stop scanning 
@bubzbeauty thankyou for your threading tutorial xD just did that it hurtsssss 
I'm at chilis and codys my server 
My API's are gone til 3:48 
@Julesxv you might be able to download the drivers from the brand website, they may not be fully supportive of Linux though 
@dukeanddjango I love the opera mini browser, but can't change the default browser to it! 
is struggling with new email address - not working happily in Outlook 
@beauryn a trip to SAN would be amazing...But I don't have any passes right now!   Would you put me up in the next few weeks?
my irc bot's configuration and custom plugins were lost in a hard drive crash, going to spend most of today rewriting the plugins 
Everything fine and cool about using a Chromium browser alpha nightly build, but it keeps crashing on using the back button 
Pre-released another GWT API - HTML5 Storage. Only issue is I cannot get StorageEvents to work  http://is.gd/S3XC
Playing guildwars... if only it ran goon under linux 
am working on transferring mail from Thunderbird to Outlook because of losing my contacts and calendar when I lose my job 
God, I Really Hate installing Windows XP! Linux is so much easier and quicker to install 
@MattValerio bummer! I thought it was all nice and clean WPF code! 
@crecenteb I never finished 7th guest. And then I couldn't install it on XP. 
I hope tomorrow isn't rainy. They're going to start location scouting here for Eclipse 
I do not like Firefox 3.5 Beta 4. I hope that the actual release changes a bit... that tab icon reminds me of Internet Explorer. Dnw. 
That ancient program UNIX is younger than me: http://tinyurl.com/rdlf8o Yet I can it's progeny better! Out with the old ...?  
@pineapplebun no, i had to relock it to use the newer firmware 
That ancient program UNIX is younger than me: http://tinyurl.com/rdlf8o Yet I can understand its progeny better! Out with the old ...? 
&quot;flash does not work on mac or Linux builds of Chromium yet&quot; - 
Praying i'll test negative for my Beta Strep Test tomorrow!! But i have a feeling it'll be positive 
You know your computer is fucked when Windows Explorer crashes 
@nickhalme I'm in the AA3 Beta...not impressed so far sadly. 
I have the new kiwibank online banking UI+UX.  Now having to hunt for things a bit and I think clicking more too 
PPTP giving me a headache 
'Dark Room' cannot save in Unicode. 12 hours of effort writing in Tamil gone waste 
'Dark Room' cannot save in Unicode. 12 hours of effort writing in Tamil gone waste 
@loyaleagle It looks like @engadget is just an RSS feed  ^J
@princessleah7x Even the spam looks beautiful in that awesome and kick ass GUI! I want a palm pre 
ErlIDE once again hangs up.     I think I have my Erlang configuration messed up.
Looks like there isn't protobuf plugin for Eclipse  But there is one for Netbeans  
And so it's done, #Bing API lib going to support SOAP (basic and experimental). I'm tired of writing arrays, they are endless with bing! 
is rather disenfranchised with Community Server  
Woops, to clairify this is all presented over Microsoft Office Live Meeting, no trip for me 
I think I've totally HOSED ArcGIS Server 9.3.1 on my laptop 
Gmail won't load in Chrome  At least on the Chrome installed on my desktop.
PerfHUD -- DirectX only 
@adun50 I got it to work on Vista 
Spent 2 hours trying to undo a screw up that #Acronis OS Selector screwed up making computer unbootable.  http://ff.im/3ZdzP
@RenanAZ so tomorrow when you get this, what program do i play the show in? cuz i tryed playing it in WMP buuut..it wont let me 
#Zend_Lucene_Search .... Why can't I search  numbers with you I want to know who's #2 in all these topics  #zend
I'm back to using my browser maximized  a very recent Windows-convert thing to do. But too many pages assume u have a wide browser.
Is wondering how many minutes of my life I spend waiting for the Outlook BLOATWARE..... 
@jmalonzo I lost USB auto-mount in Fedora 11. Some hal keys in gconf are gone. Not sure why at this point. Not yet at least. 
cursing Xen. systems lost network configuration post reboot. means extra work 
is bored!!!!!  stupid HTML Course!
When content developed on Ubuntu does not work on Fedora, it bothers me 
I gave up on the router. It's just not going to work with my external until the new firmware.  Means my desktop is now a file server. 
i have to install Safari @ work, dont know what I did to them to deserve this 
I hate Windows, overwrites my MBR and doesn't even come with an office application! Although I like games, so I must use it 
Hazaar! Update for Twitterrific has fixed it! On a bad note I dropped my iphone and now it has white dust underneath the screen 
TweedDeck autoupgraded and no longer works on my Vista.  That's why we at PowerGUI always wait a week before we turn autoupgrade on. ;)
Trying to install Windows 7 via Parallels via Boot Camp... not going too well at the moment 
fighting with a corrupt user profile in KDE 
Finally, no way to get the progress bar back in Safari 4  R.I.P. http://bit.ly/4GjYW
@jimmysparkle Wait a minute? I thought I was the new PHP developer? 
@novemberborn whishing I could select tabs in Safari with numeric shortcuts... 
#Drupal form module doesn't produce valid markup - two forms on a page, both with submit buttons with the same id  #DrupalFail
Gah, I love developing with Firefox + Firebug, but it sucks that it's such an unstable environment right now  new profile, here I come!
@rem It was getting so unstable for me that I resorted to Firefox 2.0 Portable Ed &amp; FireBug 1.05 - the only solid combo for Win 
I don't like the way the new version of Twitterdeck minimises to the Taskbar rather than the icon tray. 
Can't use IVsStatusBar in my project. If I add a ref to the Interop DLL, I start getting compile errors. I think it's another C++/CLI bug 
@_SandBox yeah  I've already applied for a couple, one that I REALLY want, so just got to keep my fingers crossed now. I hate job hunting!
#snowleopard #rapidweaver RapidWeaver will not load sites in Snow Leopard, will create and save fine but not reload. 
Hit the &quot;upgrade&quot;-button for my Wordpress and it deleted every file it could on the whole server. I'm in shock. Years of blogging gone. 
@doofusdan Beanstalk.com is a good free SVN site.  zip proj, upload, create repo in Xcode, checkout, deviation will hurt...a lot. 
Severe weather warning! Flash floods on the way... 
Hey.... where did my tabs on top go in Safari? 
@uxevangelist I loved the default tile view of folders in XP... in vista I have to change it all the time.. 
How hard is it to debug JavaScript in vs2005??? PITA  that's almost 2 hours wasted &amp; still no further!!!
Cooked popcorn in microvaves. AFAIK it should be white and tasty, not black and smoky 
But since its software you never know 
Looking for the replacement for the obsolete BuildData class... MSDN is no help 
@soggydave Javascript JavaBans style amazon API calls not possible now   They need your &quot;secret&quot; API key too so sign each request
Man, I wish the RabbitMQ macport would be updated to 1.5.5 already 
Hah another Functionality that NoScript prevented. You will see the wefollow.com fields filled in but won't be transmitted. 
@Clippy yeah i have that problem with the keyboard on my laptop. its actually suprising how much you need the letters 'b' and 'n'  haha
is having a technologically challenging morning, power outage in building, VoIP phone not working, Outlook things it is my first time 
@IntlD Outlook not so good 
I've installed OpenSolaris at last. But I'm a little disappointed, it's rather slowly... no, it is very slowly on my old test machine 
very much disappointed with GPRS in my country. My last XMPP demo failed miserably  If there's only petition for GPRS SLA...
Why is TheServerSide so crappy lately..? Comments aren't working now, and almost all the recent posts have broken links and bad spelling 
Have to program for VBA, no fun at all &gt;__&gt; You can just throw away everything you know, cause VBA does everything completely differently 
Annnd my blog is chomping on Wordpress 2.8 now: http://www.sursly.com/blog Couldn't upgrade automatically from 2.7.1 though 
@faddicus I wish I saw your Wordpress warning before I upgraded.  I hope I don't have too much trouble with it.
You can tell Microsoft's sponsoring @jack_welch &amp; @SuzyWelch's new business show:  Silverlight mandatory... 
It's a shame that there doesn't seem to be anything as nice as TortoiseSVN for the mac 
@hunch I get &quot;Hunch encountered an error. Please Refresh the page to retry.&quot; on almost every page  Using IE or Chrome, if it matters.
Openoffice presenter is horrible to open powerpoint generated presentations. Everything looks ugly and unaligned. 
@alanstevens /Windows/ This is her work computer.   Outlook, IE, and Windows use is discouraged in this house. Me likey Linux.
PHP doesn't allow low-level manipulation of raw post data, which is somewhat remiss of them. Makes upload progress bars difficult 
why is my new firewall so.. stupid  because of it i can't visit the website i want to visit the most!
Exercises in futility #2346: Trying to load a retrotranslated JAXB2 client into an Oracle 10g DB JVM (1.4). Pah 
I wonder WHY MAC OS X 10.6 will NOT have a Blu-Ray Player Software component built-in, even though a Drive isn't available yet 
Why do i suck at coding 
AVG antivirus is teh performance suck. 
Is it cool to have dreams about XHTML compliant of your blog/website?? I need a vacation I think, I even dream geeky 
Any smart way to profile jQuery? I'm looking at most of the run time spent in init() 
Mucked around enough in XHTML/CSS this morn. Time to get flat tire taken care of, among other things, &amp; it's hotter than hell outside 
Spring ActionScript spike was an epic fail. Using interfaces required some hackery and too many errors around casting to interface. 
I misplaced my Microsoft Word dictionary... I loved it... it even hard dirty words  So I downloaded a new one......
@DITelearn yeah i couldn't get RSS to work in webcourses either 
@iRockaBerry ewww! It's running Windows Mobile    FAIL!
Trying to create a project that will allow users to create flash based apps online, but it won't work. I just can't call mxmlc from PHP 
or not all servers are down 
That test made me cry. Outlook not so good for the remainder of this class. 
's cable router is broke'd  ...noooooo! &gt;:-o ...Wait! I can fix this, I just gotta take it apart :-3 oh no but I need a special tool XP
Chrome is way too slow, gonna try the full release! 
@tandoori  But... but I don't  I don't haz PPPoE :cry:
Chrome is way too slow, gonna try the full release!  http://bit.ly/182TVX
Our apologies to all beta testers. We realized it was virtually impossible to compile for 2.x 
@thomaszander Thanks. I cud not find koffice2.0 for fedora 10 repo. moreover my entire KDE is built on src trunk  ..
@sigfpe The most interesting part of Erlang is its runtime, which unfortunately has no peer in other languages 
Wow, this Vista upgrade is seriously sucking. And I don't even think it's Vista's fault, for once. Infinite hardware problems. 
0x80070002 damn, what has happened to my computer? it's a veggie now! a Windows update last week? 
@dientuki the server is down, repeat the server is down 
@twitscoop That reminds me, we emailed you about your API and got no response  ^J
So my car is a total loss..   http://myloc.me/3WiX
@spongeproject im a bit worried now, maybe we shouldn't meet up - I hear you have black belt in Origami 
ARGH at you PHP and MYSQL calendars! I just want to be able to modify msg_time 
@zephyrxero didn't work either. in fact ubuntu 8.04, opensuse 11.1 with and without new drivers and XBMC live didn't work 
@phillmidwinter I tried that to no avail, np with Eclipse though 
Only disadvantage of Git so far: No (cool) GUI app so far. 
it needs Xcode in order to work appropiate... 
Ambienteer server problems ongoing.  I think a new host is required. Wordpress has been hacked repeatedly by .cn domains  - Fixing ASAP.
@ajbraithwaite timemachine! It's built in although does format the drive so rules out DHCP 
Vista updates 8 productivity 0. 
Offline. sorry sara =/ my cousin 'HAS' to go onto this baby website =/ ugh. she is SUPPOSED to be asleep  bye ily
... if it weren't for all those other things on Linux that take hours to figure out 
Troubleshooting RealVNC errors FTL  
is finding the linux developer preview of google chrome much more stable than firefox 3.0.11. pity no bookmarks yet 
Teaching 67yrs old mom how to use Win XP is such a pain in the aXX. 
Right gona go read a chapter of Eclipse for bed ..... its baking hot tonight!!!! 
No reply to my previous tweet, plz suggest, Git OR SVN? Which do companies use?  Anyways, http://xkcd.com/327/ to cheer up...
ATI Catalyst 9.6 is released. To bad that they haven't fix the Install Manager, it still crash in Windows 7. 
Ugh, apparently knowing HTML/CSS ain't enough... time for PHP and Javascript 
Oh man!!!! #Ruby / #Sinatra /#CouchObject - Application works fine on Mac OS X but TOTALLY screws up on Linux. Error in #CouchObject ? 
fighting with OpenID 
@adobeted did you check out the EULA? Because I think you're breaking it if you copy the .PDF file the wrong way 
@wd8ldy Security experts who seem to know about this stuff tell me that to date there's no security in text based CAPTCHAs. 
IS javascript issues just made me physically sick  jQuery had never let me down in that area b4 either
@AtmanRising - it doesn't work on Linux though  #g1 #linux #pdanet
The more I read about @MSSurface, the sadder I get, because I don't see any way to get an SDK without buying a $15k table unit 
My iChat is broken 
twitpic doesn't work for me anymore  i've tried each different server too.
Connecting MS Sql to Rails is not that easy 
Just finished reading Eclipse  and don't have breaking dawn yet. *sob*
sorry late  Chrome shelled regios episode 23 http://bit.ly/2mBarg
More storms and tornado watch tonight... Java not to happy.. 
now I need more cores.  - would it be wrong to distribute perl over networked 'compute' nodes?
@AvennaStudios Argg, I know man. I'm pretty salty about it. We are transferring the site over from a windows server to a linux server... 
@rjbs You lucky bastard.  I've got to use SVN heavily every day. 
@rainbowswirlz I can't get on Etsy now - I was doing a listing and I got a 500 Internal Server error... not good 
@ehasselbeck you are a WIMP for not trying out LINUX and telling people about it!  
@TravelDeveloper I know   -- I had to switch to something else.  It looks like the oAuth 1.0a spec will help.
@bossjones indes.html would replace the main page. the prob is the XML files have been trippin. yesterday pics loaded 
Looks like option parsing in IronRuby is broken. That means I can't tell igem to install wrapper scripts to another directory. Filed bug. 
@obsessedwithyou Outlook not so good 
@PurpleTacoz Outlook not so good 
Couldent get grub working on disk...#Debian is #fail  
I hate debugging SQL 
in the process of deleting useless crud off of this old computer... geez i hate XP... 
@dlw0193 I have the contacts in multiple formats (thunderbird, Outlook, csv etc) gmail contact fields can't be mapped completely 
Switched from E17 to GNOME after a couple of months &amp; less than a couple of hours, I'm missing E17 like crazy!! Not liking GNOME at all!! 
@AbsPorter Outlook not so good 
Day 1 of CRM Admin class went well... except phone went on fritz. Had to reload OS this evening. May have missed out on anothet gig 
@adampiro That GearDiary.com site doesn't want to render in Firefox/Ubuntu - just a white screen 
@sandeepvarma i don't like it  the interface, spam and all that
Trying to learn PHP 
@Rubenerd Flash main task is to bog down your system, playing video being its side effect. 
@mahdi The server is down... 
@christinerobles i can sign onto iChat but my buddy list is empty. n on my mom's laptop it says my stuff is temporarily unavailable 
@jayesh Not got any antivirus yet 
Been stuck in FireFox for a couple days now. I miss Chrome. Don't know why it won't start 
my netbook lies dormant, awaiting an @jolicould alpha invite. Ubuntu Netbook Remix and HP MIE both fell short on day to day use 
@Thandelike I'm missing something. I'm looking for your RSS button on www.expatharem.com, but it keeps taking me to your blogspot blog. 
@voidspace ah. Trying to use XMPP.py and it wants to use pyXML which apparently IP doesn't support? 
My system is going in for a complete format. I will miss so many of my apps. 
@LeafyVC Server is free, workstation isn't  I don't have it set up yet, because you have to install VM.S. from the terminal and I'm stuck.
not happy with any of the beta apps I've tried today 
@heartysweetie yeah i hate the hot sun too, i become tan ady, altho i find tan sexy but mine is not even  here tan there light XP
I'm never gonna get this SCJP thing. Why on the earth did I follow that stupid course two yrs back 
is going to try double booting Vista and Server 2003. That should be tons of fun.. erm.. I mean headaches... 
why all browsers are not same?...  or why we r not using single browser?.................. my editplus sucks over there 
i love windows 7!...  cept i miss my chrome browser 
HLSL somehow thinks that an implicit, destructive cast from float to bool is a good idea. PIX debugger shows bools as floats, too 
Amarok used to be great, now it's uncomfortable to use and forgets about the podcast episodes it downloaded. I want my Amarok1 
site-ul EMAG merge din parti si nitel din mijloc pe Firefox...  fail!
Why can Microsoft not generate proper HTML? I thought the days of FrontPage 98 were over! 
User &lt;&gt; Designer. An User shapes &quot;things&quot; according their own idiosincracies, some unexperienced or bad designers too... 
@ahkneekitteen nuh uh XP....ok yeah im going fuckin crazy cooped up in the house with no internet 
Not so keen on CSS that won't play nice ... and then the exact same code decides to work two hours later 
Wish I had Compiz zoom functionality for my eyes. 
thinking of moving all my Oracle playground VM's to Amazon EC2... Too bad they don't support RAC  ok... time to leave the office
Proper work now includes slipstreaming hotfixes and service packs into XP. Hooray..... 
*sob*. #Twitterific free is fixed, but Premium still == teh dead 
@tanath There is supposed to be some issues with Chrome and Windows 7. 
@brucehoult Yes, yes it does  But it's worth it! (VLC will play)
@tanath There is supposed to be some issues with Chrome and Windows 7.  http://bit.ly/25kcbE
@bensummers It's pretty weak  Itanium surely has to die soon, especially with QuickPath making a (long long) overdue appearance
Studying. I should know everything about SQL by now but it's complicated 
@coolrewards ah, no experience with upgrading  I use Web Designer version but only one client who uses it and they've always had catalog
Servers down... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! 
15 percent CPU load and my PC is unusable. Thanks for nothing, Vista 
@discovertouring Outlook not so good 
fuck, finish viral and discover customer have PHP 4.4.9 
@sionnnn ...although sockets have trouble behind corporate firewalls 
A couple of days using Safari 4 (on osx): still fast as hell; i like the web inspector (firebug clone); hate the random crashes 
I have to say a week later I'm back to Seesmic Desktop. Lounge was great, but I missed some features 
So late iSMS updation ... 
@stevenblue But alas! IDE is now becoming obsolete 
MySQL install went awry  error 1045. I'm stuck.
using blip.fm, Opera Browser dies every 5 minutes on Ubuntu  
floundering around with regex's 
Why is it Javascript is not like riding a bike, if you dont do it for 6 months you lose your balance and fall off 
discovering java user group Web sites of the world, Tunisian Java User Group not build yet 
MySQL Indexes and CakePHP, why do they fail to love one another? 
hmm, FileZilla doesnt support multitab view  #fb
@TobyML Safari cannot open the page. 
Ahhh! Drupal views!  I'll get there but I've got a feeling it's not going to be this afternoon.
@DAZ081068 oooops sorry  tick tock tick tock. really cant twitter n talk with someone in my living room at the same time ;) xx
@MistahFAB I called and it went straight to VM.  okay, you're traveling today? When you want to do it? I'm ready!
@samjiman  probably - I think I need the right windows driver. Might be on the Leopard disk which I don't have with me. #Vista 
Hrm, maybe I shouldn't be using a CollectionViewSource, but altering the view of the collection its bound to; need WPF magic help 
@keanrichmond Clicking on the button and adding a URL in Compatibility View Settings adds the TLD not just the subdomain 
Python is driving me crazy this morning  error after error
RSocket::Opne() not working in Symbian 9.4: Hi,  Day after day i am hating Symbian more and more  Why do they .. http://tinyurl.com/n398bs
ARGH! Server maintenance  so ends my life...
bah, just found out that The Script arent playing on friday night.  It's The Saturdays instead *sticks biros in eyes* no rush for 7pm then
AAARGH just when you want to update your myspace....  Offline for maintenance
Kubuntu 9.04 crashes often when i try to play with plasmoids 
installed windows 7 on the old lappy.  pretty snappy response, but the setup wasn't even as easy as Ubuntu   Now to reinstall Ubuntu...
accidentally ran over a frog in the driveway.  Squish!  
@DownloadSquad nope  working fine here
@carriehartford &lt;cough&gt; no, but it's supposed to be. They've supposedly ported, but as mine was XP based it said &quot;no&quot; on a mac 
svn-bisect .... 
@askegg Adium just didn't get updated regularly enough. They tried integrating twitter recently but.. ..it doesn't work. 
is sad that it's complicated to use property placeholders in Java DSL defined #camel routes.   will use #spring XML instead
hooray, I get to spend the day rebuilding XULRunner! 
Joomla is confusing 
Checking out CSS3 http://www.css3.info/ so much cool stuff I wont be able to use for many years 
gosh, there's a hell lot of C#, Java and DB work waiting for me  - and it's just a lot, not challenging.
@brittanyfbaby binary takes so long to translate though 
Implemented new SCCM MP for SCOM R2... Full of bugs - took us several hours till now ... 
Sharepoint = Listen  &lt;&gt; Inkrementierung = 
@enygma You'd actually be surprised. I still know a few stuck in the PHP4 era. 
Always backup your Files! I've lost everything because my Backup was corrupted too!  Maybe I need a better Backup system...
I only had 26 RSS readers to begin with, and now I only have 21.  I'm srsly gonna cry.
now it just shows what software they used to reply..... 
@Popple3  XCode is cool, wish you could use it :/
@Dave_in_Fla Linksys by default sets up security with minumum WEP encryption and forces a change to SSID due to moronic end users. 
@longzheng Except for the nightly builds are actually put out there by Mozilla, whereas the Win7 builds are unauthorized from the word go 
Thunderbird is really letting me down. 
@melamyra why #twitterific has twitter API error? how to solve this problem? : samela 
Offline!!!! bb 
Been a hard day, off home to deliberate about HTML5 and it uses on an eCommerce BEHEMOTH, and compatibility with only TWO browsers 
@richbos @woolnoir ... stopped working, and I can't remote desktop into it unless it's logged in  (Ubuntu 9.04 BTW)
Admin work for the afternoon 
Still missing my Safari tabs at the top 
&quot;Firmware upgrade&quot; with D-Link ibstructions is equal to &quot;make dead black box from your device&quot;. What a disappointing day 
I'm now doing some &quot;corno&quot; stuff with some SQL Server Jobs that got failed last Evening  I hope it finishes soon.
@alxmancilla Installed - Services - Web Server - Setup Account - Finish - Crash 
Ah Safari not supported by the French online tax filling system 
The new #Seesmic Desktop 3.0 looks great. So many new features I want to use but still no facility to show all searches in one panel 
HTML 5, Could it kill Flash/Silverlight - http://bit.ly/10p7br - lemme know your thoughts plz. For some reason crashes my Firefox.. 
@crystel421 hey biohazard! Firefox was the spot last night!!! I saw my love Ariza and yet I faltered...no words came to me  damnit
@dougoftheabaci it's not visibly selectable, which is a major usability  Either way, can't wait for Typekit!
Seesmic Desktop 0.3 still missing option to un-favorite a tweet 
New Seesmic Desktop update doesn't support #friendfeed. 
Wish I could remap the Fn and Ctrl keys on my Ideapad... 
@sedington86 Outlook not so good 
zend framework modules are giving me such a headache  #zf #php
thinks FileZilla is still a better gui downloader than the rest of the other alternatives  http://plurk.com/p/11ft76
Subclipse #SVN is not working as expected today... 
And also trying to figure out Drupal's administration system. It causes proper confusion. My brain is like jello already  #Drupal
Syslog implementation was a success too bad it runs slower than shit 
Installing SAP ECC 6.0 EhP4..... Dear SAP.. How could you do it. 
 Git version of Gnome Shell broke Compiz. Still get nice clutter effects though.
@RealHelpdesk Firefox and Chrome keep crashing. Overall general slowness. Someone needs to design a Lacyproof laptop. 
Getting fed up with jQuery 
sleeepy but still loooking for the uncharted 2 beta codes.. 
Just installed Wordpress to my website, I'll try Joomla tomorrow morning because it's playing up 
Moblin.org made me make a twitter account 
Updating Java for OSX  - all 158Mb of it. You really need broadband to download software updates 
is it just me or does Safari 4 seem slower than the beta that I had? 
@JeepGuyMike   I can't get it to stream on my computer   Server is busy or something.
I'm trying to boot ESXi 4 from iSCSI but I'm still out of luck  &quot;Failed to find boot partition&quot; 
@Jessiicake awh  and ahh lol i understand everything now i guess XP
wondering how much productivity i've lost due to Outlook. wondering when productivity lost became something that keeps me up at night 
@taki_serbia yes, i know. is a RSS that kicks in. dont know which one it is 
Shoot, de garmin communicator is niet compatible met Safari 4 
 i hate shots....im scared!! XP thanks louise!
Safari 4 crashed on me for about the 5th time today 
Citrix Hotfix Rollup Pack PSE400W2K3R06 killed our apps. 
Offline 
Wow... Every time I try to use a jQuery plugin I end up having to rewrite it to make it beyond generically useful. 
@insomniacgames Please, give us one more code 
I'm seriously hating my life right now. VMWare screwed up when collapsing snapshots and now I'm left f*#*&amp;d over 
@BrakeL8Turn no, but did you see  http://is.gd/13SiO - I wonder how bad it will be  they should build an API for the data
@dropbox dudes, when are you guys supporting Windows 7?!?! Just switched my sister laptop to the RC and dropbox doesn't work 
@ShaddixXx Vista doesnt let me play sims 2  thts why i changes back to XP 
I've had it with firefox on OS X.4, from now on I'm trying to switch to Safari...  Safari 4 works so well and firefox keeps crashing 
Trying to diagnose why IE (Internet Explorer) is not behaving as expected as an Intranet Explorer ... 
hm Javascript should be everyone's second language?  my computer is keep tellin me to install java..  I fail.
spending whole week debugging, looking for crash in XP... 
I had to give up on the Fedora 11 install ... it just wasn't working 
@markbate It's either use Perl, or install (and subsequently maintain) Ruby packages on all my servers 
Opera 10.00 right click menu font sucks on Linux 
RHEL5 ImageMagick still below 6.3  which means RMagick 1.15.17. Unless I want to hand roll ImageMagick, not hard but gets messy later on.
Latest version of Tweekdeck is hogging 300M+ of memory on my Ubuntu.  Something went wrong in that update 
Waiting on the server to come back up 
@Sevenmilejay Outlook not so good 
i wonder why some good Joomla developers hadn't put documentations on how to use their extensions.  Where can i find directions.
@pandamonial I tried scanning it with Barcode Scanner v2.8 on my Android phone, and nothing happened. 
really wants to run #OpenSolaris on some servers at work, but just can't.  Compared to #ubuntu, it's too much of a PITA.  
Safari 4, I want to love you, but not having a &quot;Open Tabs/Windows From Last Time&quot; option is unforgivable. 
not a fan of .NET, VB  I like curly braces a lot.  on top of that.. I don't find .NET a natural language to me. http://tinyurl.com/m9hk8u
Out of API calls 
actually all my twitter apps are having API errors 
&quot;someone&quot; was having problems finding something in an API and quickly &quot;solved&quot; those issues when I offered to help them...  I am helpful!
Ill probably going to sound like others but... there is a book for phpMyAdmin? Mastering phpMyAdmin 3.1 http://su.pr/2MtnMn expensive? 
@Aptana aptana for php 1.1 beta seems to have lost the ability to ctrl click class names to reveal? 
@cunxt jkjk but ya fcking FTP isn't working for some reason! 
I honestly bought the hype that #Windows7 was a revolutionary new version of Windows. Still the same junk basically. 
Man... going back to working from a hard drive after relying on the Cloud feels like stepping back in time from LAN to dial-up. 
@meliciousness Outlook not so good 
Flash of genius, where are you? 
Firefox rebooted. Performance still sucks. 
@sydneypaige it's the thought that counts ;)  but srsly,  I lost 3.5 hours of jQuery ajax goodness on this MVC project 
I wish I could hand code 
Using Internet Explorer is So 2006.. as I was on my way to download Mozilla Firefox. OH SO SAD  LOL I'm so 2006
I really wish you could password protect an entire category in Wordpress. 
corrado and the PHP..... 
Lol whut. You can't programmatically modify elements that are inside button controls in Flash...?  #ActionScriptFAIL
has just had to reload Windows Vista   
desktop profile wiped again.  icons everywhere! 
@dmccaffery I lost my Chax, Visor, DeliciousSafari, Glims, SafariStand... 
@JustinKing Apache based SVN install? We want to move away from CVS &amp; I'm researching options. TFS &amp; Vault need AD, we're still on NT4 
AAAAH! 901 unread RSS items 
Nnooooo the new software isn't up yet 
@flarepoint u heard true...#SharePoint 2010 stuff only at Vegas conference...AUS TechEd will only cover 2007 material 
I think I broke my Chrome. 
@josoho  But all the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put Chrome back together again. 
morning got a error to solve  DoS attack !!! attacked on credit card payment gateways ..solving continuous calls from customer care people
The problem with OpenOffice.org is that sales people don't get a commission when they sell it. So it'll probably never happen 
@tareq_cse Thanx for the DateTime Settings Info, 20th e ekta exam ache, confused je kokhon hobe, Haire Daylight Savings.   Y New XP ???
@HillaryOliver I need to learn the .epub standard &amp; hand-code, I hear. Some features are missing from the auto-converted files. 
Why do people insist of giving all ASP.NET controls ID tags, eventhough they is not used in code-behind? It clutters the HTML. 
i'm reeeaaalllyyy bored! the browsers are still not working! kill me! 
wishes he could convert his site to Wordpress 
New blog up on the hazards of upgrading to Windows 7 from XP for businesses - http://bit.ly/2ERvq - They've made it nice and awkward 
Cannot find an OpenSolaris package for JavaFX, only shell baed installation. Unimpressed. 
Opera Unite Beta Crashes on my Mac 
Opera Unite Beta Crashes on my Mac  http://bit.ly/ZXLXM
for some reasons source SDK wont launch  i hate steam
@yakyak my beta is already finished   #getpeel
@DC_Zol looks like OS 3.0 will be released 10am pacific time, so 6pm BST 
Just realised I have no spell checker on my VS2008 and not hade one since Windows 7 RC came out  
@LittleLaura magnolia,  what a way to go done because your backup was bad epic fail  Backup is #1 on my start of day checks.
@devakishor Offline since some-time and will be offline for another 3 weeks. 
@dinuks yeah..and i have this stupid Windows Starter thing where only 3 different progs. can be open. minimize was really working for me. 
@JoeyAmor awww joey I sorry..  I have a stomach ache XP
Ubuntu 9.04 Sucks, Brightness controls don't works, NumPad don't works, extremely slow, in 8.04 all works fine, no way to go back  #ubuntu
I wonder when @firefox &amp; iTunes will support #Windows7 jump lists? I guess after it's actually released hey? 
yay! my custom Linux kernel rebuild worked - but still didn't give me the hardware drivers I needed 
XMLHTTP/ ServerXMLHTTP / MSXML2/MSXML3.DomDocument or Microsoft.XMLDom ...... God Help me..!!!!! nothing seems to work 
Swapped routers this morning. All seems good, but no wireless. If it continues w no DNS problems, guess I'm buying a new wireless router 
Swapped routers this morning. All seems good, but no wireless. If it continues w no DNS problems, guess I'm buying a new wireless router 
Is there an interest for discussing MySQL internals and performance during #velocityconf? No Ignite slot for me 
*sigh* JPEG Codec for Win7 and Vista is different, means accessing it in .NET 3.0 isn't as easy 
XP is showing no love for top sites in Safari! 
Ich hab 6 Server mit je 24 core und 256GiB RAM... und mir ist trotzdem fad... 
Last day at BPMS 
Really need to get around to setting up WLAN in the dormitory so I can IRC from the balcony before summer is over. 
Anyone successfully deployed software to handsets via blackberry professional server.  Index isnt finding anything 
AIX can be such crap sometimes  ... especially if you are not fluent with it #AIX
Safari really isn't a very good browser  It's fast, and I want to like it, but it feels like it's been designed by idiots
Hmm, Spring Web Flow strips parameters from a request with a filter, another obstacle for my JSF/WebFlow-security-framework 
In a mess, I now how 2 get copy of files from server using SVN but wht abt CVS?  Installed CVS on Ubuntu, but still 2 learn how 2 use it 
@LukaBirsa If you got it from Ubuntu then the mozilla-supplied update feature doesn't work.  You have to wait for Ubuntu to update it. 
i get the feeling that the new synchronization feature of tweetdeck is not working. at least not with me and between linux and windows 
Had to switch back to Firefox 3.0 due to problems with Firebug 1.4 beta. 
Hhmm. I'm doing something wrong with MySQL whilst running the compatibility suite... 
Performance Point 2007 SDK the worst thing to work with 
scrapping all the work i did on a replacement for our real-time SNMP polling engine in favor of a COTS solution that may/may not work.  
Did a 5 mile bike ride yesterday, will do the same today, then more JAVA GUI...and the rains come back 
Still no support for message timeouts/max queue lengths in RabbitMQ though 
Annoyed that SSH/TCP port 22 seems to be blocked... 
@aurik yeah  Windows networking is generally fail, but especially fail between different Windows versions. A storage server would help...
Gnome goes crazy after suspending and resuming the notebook  everything starts crashing  #gnome
OpenOffice fails... to open the biggest, scariest Excel spreadsheet I've ever seen. Oh well, rebooting into Windows 
Why does my WPF application keeps crashing on my fresh installed Windows XP virtual PC 
@dpinn it's a bad sad that their solution was maven + transitive deps... there's no enforcement at runtime 
#failday continues, something I've done has broken JBoss Portal's hot deploy 
Why is it do difficult to move from dev to beta to full versions of Chrome?  Dev still cashing, given up with it, using Firefox Beta 3.5
@lokkju (regarding XSS...&quot;valuable attack tool on sites which use accounts&quot;...), true, he's shown the same issues on many banking sites 
@eMerchants i know its seriously crazy 
#Tweetdeck's rate limit is not fun. I have 4 computer's behind NAT, all using #tweetdeck for the same user. It burns API calls in minutes 
My red, Apache isn't feelin too well this morning..  http://mypict.me/49n5
@jamieriddell I'd rather Safari 4 than Firefox... I've given up on the fox after it literally ate then threw up my 1gb of ram. 
Browser is back up and running, I can now see what everyone else is up to, I was getting twitter withdrawls 
Scripts, Scripts, Scripts...love the lab! Its always the same temp and humidity...and never sunny 
While uploading, let's get some work done in Readme files, I hate Readme files, my english is so poor  really hoping clients forgive me.
This is corrupt file city, come on FTP, upload the files 
I think I've broken my repo by moving it from OSX to Vista. It thinks everything is new, even with config.autocrlf true 
@tomd those are some good #operaunite ideas!  I've started wading through the dev docs, pitty Opera fonts look poor on Linux 
Trying to move a calendar from Outlook 2007 to iCal on Leopard, not a straightforward job 
@lollapalooza The schedule is definitely fail; I keep getting a server error. 
Just another bad day, cuz of realsoftware. #realbasic #IDE-Crash_while_open_code 
reading specs.... Webservice WSDL, xml, XSD...  http://plurk.com/p/11onx7
@LiquidPT re-send :S I didn't recognize the name and I have a habit of shit-deleting, and in OWA you can't recover 
@hubspot would be great if you supported Linux operating systems for #IMU. Can't view or hear. 
Not developing MWT for Windows XP. Bad news for netbook users. 
Iam Learning ASP.NET and SharePoint now  - 2 months earlier -- JAVA hmm
@mashable  everytime I go to your web pages, my Mozilla crashes.  Not happening anywhere else. Any ideas?  
Is there no Growl for the PC? But I've grown so fond / dependent of its unobtrusive gentle nudges of information... 
Stuck on a train back to Kent - not getting OS3.0 for at least 2 hours 
Microsoft is killing MS MONEY   What am I going to use now?  I'll use a chisel and a rock before I ever use Quicken.
@media_dsign I guess moderation  it should be cached, it wastes CPU cycles, and CSS/JS whitespace trim is useless, so tiny bw savings
Xen is quitting on his b-day, sad day that will be 
@marcszablewski don't talk about servers crashing like that  how is it though?
@Dries +1 modal frame. Merged HTML/JS is far too problematic. Try filefield or filefield sources with popups api. 
For those jailbroken, remember to remove your Cydia-installed apps before upgrading, or else you'll have undeletable data, like mine. 
@trentvanegas so is the 3.0 software extremely amazing? I haven't downloaded it yet so I'm very jealous!!!!  
Lame. I love how isntalling OS 3.0 made a blank 2nd page of icons so it could add Voice Memos.  
@ijustine what?! The server is down?! I was just about to try download it 
Vista anyone? I want my computer back   
@ces1982 apple Server is busy.come on 
fail, activation server is down... i cant get 3.0 
@feastoffun server is full so I was unable to 
authentication server is unavailable  #iphone
i really wish the server wasn't down. i could code my layout then 
Zend_Tool and #WAMP don't seem to be getting along too well so far...  #zf #windows
I'm reading Eclipse right now, then I'm going to sleep! It's 11:41 pm in here. I'm on p. 254. I just wanna read not go to sleep  
Backup is still at 55%  I'll give it one more hour... #iphone #fail
iPhone Activation Server is down FOR ME  while everyone else seems to be updating fine!
Backing up my iphone before I upgrade I going to lose some Apps from Cydia 
frustrated w/ Transmit: doesn't apply 'Apply to all' checkbox to all files &amp; doesn't transfer ALL files 
@davemidd doesn't work for me across the board. Only I'm certain apps. And not tweetdeck. 
new job today. No more Debian, back to RedHat/CentOS 
2 hours on 'Tech Support' ended with them telling me to reinstall Windows on a 1 day old machine... Quickbooks only thing installed.. 
Just got &quot;Eclipse&quot; excitemundo!! But I'm one more book till I'm done 
figured out my Centos problem: multiple repos with conflicting PHP stacks... accidentally installed out of date pkg from the stock repo 
Downloading iPhone Software 3.0... good bye Cydia, some of the updates are too yummy 
shit, Amarok 2 doesn't want to scrobble my music for last.fm 
Typical GUI failure: The app has a list of VMs - but no way to export the list as text -  so I'm stuck manually transcribing 50 entries. 
Pondering scrapping work laptop today and going from Vista to something along the lines of Ubuntu Desktop 9.04 ...will have to dual boot 
I can't even get the OSX Java update to D/L 
Trouble upgrading Wordpress...then figured out it was the browser (Chrome)  Browser musical chairs again...
. . . And down goes Nambu!  Application crashed for the second time.  
bah! and now the VPN won't login 
@r_o_y_a_n Video is only available on the 3GS running OS 3.0 
Yay! TheCatholicSpirit uses CSS/div layout techniques instead of ugly tables. But they also have Joomla and jomcomment  @catholicspirit
oh great. it appears that with the Safari 4.0 final we're back to Safari starting a chain reaction of app lockups...  
@whitehawk too bad Chrome for mac is not yet available 
@mjray - per #koha at #sla2009 - I did a 1/2 day workshop on open source software - including Koha - but that's all I know of 
@tonygray me-&gt;library-&gt;App Support-&gt;Firefox is the thing to get rid of yeah? It still does nothing 
@samithegreat well i can sorta play the saw... i can make it sing, but im afraid so far its a bit tone deaf XP and it bit me earlier 
out of API... 
My WMP hates me tonight~ I can't listen to the game. 
gdi. it's too late.  i'm sorry...
Workinf on a Flash Lite app for OVI Store. deadline: last monday 
Finally this stressful day from hell is over! I get to go home! Only to have to VPN in later to check on some work. 
Can't digitally sign a M$ Word document opened in OpenOffice  It says: This document must be saved in OpenDocument file format before...
Just updated to 3.0 so awsome just miss cydia 
I would rather much be at Java Jazz getting fucked up to carnifex &amp; impending doom.  another show ive missed. -_-
Realized I have been twittering about UX/IT stuff and I am confusing my facebook friends not in the industry 
Reorganizing bash/Tcl/Python/Perl scripts, getting the syntax confused, and loving/hating the distinct advantages between them all. 
I want to work on my HTML 5 template design but the brain wants to sleep 
@rohitsabu I'm waiting. I'm waiting for this shit to get old. I want to run it on an emulator but that doesn't tap the full power of OSX 
@GlendaWH PDFMaker is part of Adobe Acrobat and works only on PCs. Won't work on OS X  #pdfaccess
@sunshinetalia Clothes swap is tonight, right? I forgot to put in iCal and now all texts are gone.  I had to restore and start over.
@arungupta Yikes...  Please tell me you're not moving from Glassfish evangelist to WebLogic evangelist?  
@Anime81 yeah, I'd go with Linux actually, but that was not an option for the quick buy. 
How can a web company build a site with NO SEO. Client had a friends company update the site. I had the site ranking. Now they are not 
@TommyLee I need a GUI though, i'm leaning more towrads OXSITE every day but i need to give folks a non-technical GUI 
just kidding, it doesn't support PowerPC. 
Having a hard time figuring out Bookmarks on my palm pre 
sad about the news over at myspace.com  , hope those laid off got generous severance packages, learned CSS/HTML tinkerin' around the site
@LVM5 ate slept well woke up in agony tho off out for a walk as that usually helps 
Backed up my homedir yesterday to my usual encrypted container. Switched to Ubuntu then and cannot access it anymore.  #fail
Furious at PHP IDEs in general. Why are they all so shit? 
I want to try the shortcut for creating new folder in Windows 7, but Chrome keep stealing my Ctrl+Shift+N 
No iPhone 3.0 SDK for me  loose my iphone in a cab.
compiling LLVM and it takes forever 
Eh fuck. OS 3 did something to Nambu- I can't sort mentions anymore - forgive if I miss something 
@lukefrombuzzle Just wait for the BSOD to top it all off 
@MisterGlass not yet  was busy moving the application to a stronger server...
AD users not showing up in Leopard's login window user list 
@offbeatguides no way I can add HTML formatting and images to custom chapters? Just text makes it look drab 
.... this whole time I thought my uTorrent was on, downloading the rest of Balto, but it wasn't.  I don't deserve to watch it!
It feels as though the SVN 1.5 developers took a &quot;She'll be right&quot; approach  So over this lolpanda system.
Cooking Cake PHP it's not easy as cooking realy cake without PHP  
ok, as much as I &lt;3  Komodo, it shouldn't take 60+ seconds for an IDE to start.   #fale
Downloading all my previous apps one by one.. this is painful task 
@tixrus yeah but Komodo used to be.  now it's all slow and gooey.  
Not really sure if I really rate the new I phone software it's no big differance and have been trying to send a pic with no joy 
Finally home. That was a long server migration 
I thought I'd wake to hear of #PwnageTool release, still no? 
Oi! All this waiting for nothing? Where's this MMS that I was promised in OS 3.0? Can't attach a picture to a message 
QuickPwn is not finalized yet have to wait for a while 
Neither my cable provider nor #Android tethering route IP protocol 47, so I am unable to open PPTP VPN connections from home now. 
anyone know any good screen capture programs for XP? Scrnshots desktop app doesn't seem to be working 
Outlook not syncing again 
i am writing a SOAP web service 
Just got infected by some antivirus malware. Bloody Windows 
@jiminthemorning can you ask the beeb tech munkee's for a Windows Media Player live stream rather than the Real Player? 
@casualjim and what do you like to use? As for myself I hate SourceGear Vault and dream about SVN but these are only dreams 
@JoeManna 3.0 working well for me too.  Quickpwn was supposed to release today, but they have not.     I miss PDANet
@lepearl updated with latest software and its still useless 
Developing an application for mobile devices with JSF/Seam but w/o RichFaces...Pocket IE seems to dumb 
Developing an application for mobile devices with JSF/Seam but w/o RichFaces...Pocket IE seems too dumb 
have just recreated mod.rewrite in CF for IIS ... I miss Apache 
hosting service server down.  http://plurk.com/p/11v5g1
I seem to be having twitter API problems. 
@marcusfollrud doesn't work in Linux 
Though using Apache mod-rewrite in .htaccess helps a lot in SEO, it increases complexity and causes significant performance degradation 
@mtaulty I was sadly dissapointed with BlogEngine.net, SubText, and dasBlog, though I didn't have time to extend.  Stuck with WordPress 
When Safari going to use Add-ons  ?
I can't believe I spent a whole working day trying to get a button to center correctly in GWT. And I still didn't get it quite right 
It's morning and still no QuickPwn. 
I really want to go home but a server is down and I have to wait until they fixed it  I'm so tired again
http://www.winterfestival.com.au/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=50&amp;Itemid=79 is sold out. that makes me sad 
@myroadtonowhere ...we're guessing you use AVG? ..we have the same problem 
IIS Directory Security &gt; IP Restrictions... Added the correct ip but didn't work... Log shows 192.168.0.1 despite pc being 192.168.0.200 
My cunning new PHP script won't work on my website because the site uses PHP4 and I developed the script on my local webserver using PHP5 
I want to act in software architecture 
Downloading Adium now-I want to talk to a friend I haven't talked to for about two years already. I'm sorry. 
Striggling with Hibernate 
My Vista has lost its Aero!! I can't find it to give it back 
having to f!@# with the iCal cache - spotlight ain't working in it 
Shame there's no Spotlight search of SMS in OS 3.0. 
Missing Cydia already (and SBSettings) 
found some bugs in the new iPhone 3Gs! actually, the OS 3.0  http://www.woot.com/Blog/ViewEntry.aspx?Id=8475
Is twitter broken again? The API returns (very) stale data 
@leebryant And also not-accessible with JavaScript off. 
Working from home today and suffering the frustration of poor VPN access 
@CalebJenkins Actually, it does work just fine. But when I have to switch to a client's XP VM, I don't want to wait for Win7 updates 
I love NHibernate but not loving the linq to nh with selecting projection of a type mapped as a component. It doesn't like it 
Does anyone have a protection for Apache against Slowloris DOS 
@robgreen78 I am doing it the long way via FTP now first install was internally via Wordpress and it did not work 
!ubuntu Unsubscribed from Ubuntu-Devel-Discuss, tried it out for a week and it just isn't worth reading 
#Titanium developer beta 4.3 wont launch in #ubuntu 64  alpha 3 did.
Most custom CMSs are kak. Why can't people check what's already available open source first 
Grrr had to reinstall corrupted Firefox - can't remember all my add-ons   Zemanta, Delicious, Web Dev , Firebug - what am I forgetting?
@matthaupt I love the UI for cut/copy/paste! They implemented it very well... to bad AT&amp;T won't allow MMS until late summer 
nusphere PHP debugger doesn't understand threads 
@JDJ22 is being mean to me everybody!  
@servermojo DNS change kicked in, still times out when I attempt to login 
Bums! my VM just died 
@martinhering From Winamp on Windows  I remember you can search in the entire Shoutcast database. http://tinyurl.com/fuzo #Snowtape
Axis generates wrong Java code for Custom Attributes part of Webservice 
why doesn't the new exchange Server want to work like I will? 
@lartist at least you were able to do it...I kept getting the server error 
Urgh, upgrading Java has broken nearly everything I use. Including TinyMCE. Updating my blog through Wordpress will be a pain now. Maan. 
If someone asks you &quot;Why a PHP file does not run on Windows when I double click on it?&quot; what would you answer? 
Yaye @JDJ22 is still my friend! (why aren't you answering ur phone then fat head!) 
@kelvinwins The only problem I found with #Wordpress, was when an update was available, and ran the automatic update, it killed my site 
@cleokid Outlook not so good 
If I news SQL I could do not only Data Analyst roles but QA roles, tsch. 
@mollywood PWNED! I'm blocked by the corporate firewall... 
I'm very upset with WMP 12 in windows 7 coz the 'Now Playing' option is no more there   #MSWindows
@greggrunberg When can I get YOWZA!! for Windows Mobile? I feel like I'm totally missing out! 
I lost my MojoJojo Keychain last night.  If you see it around let me know! http://bit.ly/IB9zA
systems presentation was fun...now I need to study for OOP 
I am sad, Thunderbird is simply unusable these days.  I have high hopes for v3.0.  But for now no soup 
@masepulveda Thanks I'll try that. I've tried using Pwnage and Quickpwn....none of them work 
Using SyndicationFeed and Linq to union several feeds together, some data missing after union, the magic of linq no so magical atm 
@bengfarrell Mozilla has it out for me. 
&gt; #NNW for #iphone &amp; #desktop &amp; #laptop is my choice RSS feed app. that being said, i'm paranoid some feeds aren't updating or sync'd 
Second day trying to install Windows Vista on a new computer.. keeps crashing during installation..... 
@el_kev Why did my VPN get reset when I updated? No internet on the go for me now 
I love Finder in column mode! Why didn't my Windows machine ever do THAT!? 
I hate it when I accidently hit Cmd + Q instead of Cmd + W. Especially in Firefox. 
something is wrong with my home computer.  No webcam, No NX, no SSH, no telnet, and no apache  nmap says ports are filtered (that's good)
Downloaded the new Safari and i hate it. I want the old one back! 
Ugh. Bug due to a rounding error in PHP and the client's pissed... I'm already unmotivated enough as it is, I don't need this 
@pateras I finally discovered the Account Settings, but haven't had much luck configuring it to actually work! 
@PlanetPurple and now I'm going to install Windows XP on it.. 
@ikai Yep! And creating a simple CRUD seems like a lot of effort ... quite unlike Rails or Grails 
I was so excited about downloading my Sibelius2 onto my macbook.....until hannah pointed out that the sticker says Windows Only. sad day 
tried to reditect to my new server from the old with #bind9 but failed 
Day 2 of my second try to download Tweetdeck, if it doesn't work this time I know it's because the Windows I'm using is 2 old 
@DerikWhittaker The download manager is an ActiveX 
@debaclesoftware Did y'all ever find out what the hold up is? I've been missing Pano for a long time since I had the 3.0 Betas. 
Just drank a full bottle of BPM in like 10 minutes, not a good idea 
iPhone 3.0 doesn't support delegation for CalDAV, but iCal does. 
Am I the only one who finds Safari 4 less stable than it's Beta 
Palm's Open Source website went live today; but, their WebCore patches are incomplete (missing new files... they need to add -N to diff). 
The WinterBoard you'll see in Cydia on 3.0 works. Expect some bugs, however, as the delay on that kernel patch set back testing.  @madcowz
Ugh!  Wanted to watch Charice @ UKG but still @ work and our network won't let me install MS Silverlight. 
@sells word to the wise: stay away from building emails. It's soooo aggrevating! The rules are completely diff than standard HTML. 
the more flexible the software the more complex the implementation 
@lekovodolaz Unfortunately no. The S60 OS only allows for List and Grid views 
I just finished walking Apache... now I'm a sweaty ninja!kitty 
Really wanted &quot;Building an Institutional Portal with #Moodle,&quot; as advertised, not an hour-long #Moodlerooms commercial.  #sloancsym
@jennifermullin We never did get together to look over WordPress.  End of the year is always a busy time huh?
Attempted it installthe latest Eclipse PDT only to find that my OS isn't supported. #ineedanewmac badly. 
re-downloading Adium to see if after that i can log in 
@moopanda Hmm, it's meant to be an Apple logo.  It comes up as the Euro symbol in Firefox on Linux.  
@MandyCastillo oh no that makes me so sad!!  Messaging my address...
Grr - my apple wireless keyboard and Vista are not playing nice today 
should really buy some anti virus software  more viruses
@SonyPlayStation noooo, i miss the code 
God I hate Microsoft DPM 2007 right now 
I'm the only win7'er in the office so I get the cross browser testing job  So many browsers and virtual apps...
@thdsupport Same here.  VPN worked, now it suddenly (?) doesn't.  Others are also seeing this, but we can't find a cure...  
wish there was a Ctrl+Z or Undo in Microsoft Outlook - just moved a heap of stuff into the wrong folder after individually selecting 
@smtibor : seems the yahoo-based iCal's aren't bringing data into the iphone calendar 
@JamisonKelly The preview doesn't show the changes I made to the CSS  #wordpress
does anyone know how to embed a .swf URL into iWork's Keynote? 4 hours and no luck 
@anchorzzz XP i ate it all sorry &gt;.&lt; they don't ever give enough chocolate to satisfy me  haha
@bencropwell i'm to the beach with Tomcat and EvanMoon. And my birthday is the third. 
@kissmykitty I'm not using WordPress  I just need a simple PHP code, but alas, I can't find one!
@pfont Outlook not so good 
Does someone want to send me the Snow Leopard Preview w/ XCode 3.2? I lost my disc 
@negnetsolutions re xrefresh: once again, Linux is ignored. 
@Mosso heading out for about 20 minutes, but when I'm back we can talk this through. I've been working on mosso for over a month: sloooow 
I should have looked into this first, but Windows XP only supports 2 processors. 
&quot;The man who can't be moved&quot; - The Script 
@labellagorda you use a separate computer just for FTP.. that's sad 
@feedly works great but Flock/FF 301 is a dog on Windows 7. Opera flies with more than 50 open tabs but no feedly 4 Opera 
@ianhelliott Outlook not so good 
@mycocoaheads I've decided to use plain SQL lite and then migrate my Code later to core data 
@coupdemain @sachalnf  I is epic fail at Joomla 
Leveling in Winterhoof Server, most of the people I knew from here don't log anymore. I used to do raid with them every week 
@tomf80 they said it wuld b on the 3.0 software and it's not they lied 
I tried signing  up for #twee60 but the Beta is closed  time for bed!
@royalcuvee it's not that stable yet  I've just reinstalled good ol' Leopard yesterday
@MSI Your URL doesn't work. 
@kalwynah AT&amp;T isn't ready yet  they won't do tethering either, but there is a workaround, you need tethering?
thinking XML goin blank... 
Busy last day in the office: SEO strategies, client PPC, Invoicing, reporting, client calls and some affiliate stuff if I can fit it in 
@tiffernay i just saw your comment about your moving out july 7/8!?!? i've been on my desktop and don't have twitterfox/tweetdeck up!! 
Zimbra Desktop provides helpful offline support, but its UI is badly designed for netbook-size screens 
Script downgrades working copy just fine until an update via Eclipse upgrades it again. 
@w_mingjie tweetdeck's  never been able to minimise to systray for me  they need to fix tht and add API for bit.ly url shrinking.
I am getting &quot;$ is not a function&quot; error in #Wordpress 2.8 edit post page. What happened to my jQuery? Itz loaded there  @wordpress
Bought a Belkin UPS today. The software made me vomit in my mouth a little... All Java and it looks like Windows crap  #fail
Trying like a mad man to clean out my RSS Reader! 728 more unread items to go 
still can't connect to YM from Adium and YM Mac. Anyone else experiencing any problems? It keeps saying &quot;Server Busy.&quot; 
Sad sad day  Running _that_ OS on VM on my MBP
Trying to signup to @SerialSeb Agile talk... the register button takes you to the venue page!!!  http://tinyurl.com/nd7t4u #signupfail
@UchiManeLaFlare @1eighton  i just want the mac desktop 
@johngirvin PHP gets the job done but it's *so* easy to write spaghetti &amp; the OO stuff can be woeful 
@bar_bar_ella Unfortunately the thumb drive crashes Windows Explorer every time I try to copy the files ... 
Test failing due to text encoding of a copyright symbol. That took too long to find 
www.nokia.no doesn't work in #Chrome... 
why does Vista complicate the seemingly simple task of extracting files? 
@1Password did 1Password stopped cooperating with 10.6 Snow Leopard and it's Safari? doesn't work for me anymore  1Password itself does!
@uliwitness Not to be cynical, but do you really think that there's a team of QA engineers pounding on RadarWeb? 
Removing all memory apps and doing a hard reset 
Anyone with sites using Protx found to be broken today? Error 5051 - can't find any reference to it in online documentation  #protx
XP in my test machine got crashed  :'(
I wish there was a better reporting solution for Kerio Mail Server than Mail Access Monitor. Its just crap 
A good article about  Talk behind someones back. This happens in the DotNetNuke community too  http://twurl.nl/263nbv
Need to write a report on upgrading SQL Server 2000 
@maishsk Becuase im connecting to a list of Remote Servers 
VMware support is not that quick... 
Office Communicator R2 really lacks lots of features that Pidgin has... I miss Pidgin 
@softlysoftly ouch, how much? I just swapped out the hard drive. It was... Interesting. Ahaha! Reinstalling 10.4 now 
@babbel : got problem with babbel, it cant load in my browser, both firefox &amp; chrome 
my lappy has issues with the LAN  subsequently i am now connected to the interwebs via bluetooth/3G ... WTF
@TheFuckingQueen it took forever to back up and update all the software  I'm hungry now....
@CoTweet the sidebar to the right doesn't seem to work in FF3.5 (post an update, search twitter, add a twiter account) 
Wish I was at SONAR this weekend. 
@Chizux3 i dunno if i likes the new server locaion... all of the kq's are more laggy now 
I hope they won't be accused again by EU of monopoly practices when Windows 8 will come with an AV included but they will 
iPhone OS 3.0 is still limited to one Exchange account, so no Google Sync Exchange for me. 
iPhone OS 3.0 is still limited to one Exchange account, so no Google Sync Exchange for me.  http://bit.ly/KjOxN
Exploring DITA and Arbortext Editor; tough Task 
Confusion: twitterfeed is not picking up RSS properly for me. 
building an ASP.NET mini app training classes (registration, evaluation, feedback), too bad it's in ASP.NET 1.1 
argh. i now know things about PHP i'll probably never excise from my brain 
Ubuntu shut down Cafepress store as it get tough on its IP...  http://tinyurl.com/koswzg
Finally, ERA.nl XML filter works. Had to backward engineer all status ID values. No manual yet of the API.  Can finish hopman site now...
i have no-one in my booth -   please come and see me in the ask the experts area TechNet stand #technetvconf
@lgu Aw, wait, is that only an Apache 2.3 thing? 
@SMB43v3r about to get ready for another boring friday. Yippy  http://myloc.me/4rB7
Pidgen no longer connects for me. Mozilla often closes down and wont reopen when I view calendar.  My Ubuntu machine is slowing dieing. 
twitter is killing me due to its buggy API :S **no &quot;in reply to&quot;** from no-web-clients 
@lgu It does look like it's only available in the development releases of Apache. 
sitting on a beach reading Eclipse... not a good day i want to be home 
grrrr 64 bit Vista is not liking my ft-857 usb data control cable  #hamradio
Need opinions: #Joomla OR #Drupal? I was hoping for #Django but it's not supported by my host  #php
TweetDeck: Unknown desktop manager, only Gnome and KDE are supported 
@beatdealer how are those? i'm still on twitterberry lol! the beta don't work though, and ubertwitter don't work either 
@LinuxWeather My PHP is pretty rusty. All I've done is tweak some Wordpress lately. 
@JDE523 awwww :-/  was he uncomfortable?? 
The pressure to dump my PPC Macs and to get Intel based ones is constantly increasing  &gt;RueBelliard,Brussels
@SonyPlayStation I didn't get my code 
Waiting for #QuickPwn... like everyone else 
I guess I'm exclusively GTalk/XMPP until 2.6 is released unless I do the workaround 
a bit of techno music &amp; the whole conference hall erups - funny - but we are not at SONAR     #m20eu  #m20eu
iSCSI bugs, dead WANs, and users... oh my 
does anyone know if Oracle AQ is available in Oracle XE? if so, what is required to configure it? digging for docs and finding nothing 
Wait a second...the bat data *is* online!  In HTML tables.  http://www.fort.usgs.gov/BPD/
Lovin' CSS 3 with rounded corner....FireFox - Yummy, Safari - Yummy... Surprise surprise IE8 just doesn't deliver.. but nor does Opera 
setting up the PHP LastFM api webservice on my site, right now some features not working 
@bikevibes I renamed your java class from whitespace killer to total HTML annihilator 
No!!! Was writing a 1200 word review on WordPress and Firefox crashed  Lets see how much is recovered...
Would like to find a VMWare appliance that will actually function in ESXi.  
trying to do upgrade work on a sql 2000 database that's already been upgraded to a sql 2005 server 
@allysonsaid wife! your never on iChat 
@Heralupa i would have, but just installed Vista, so no go for me this weekend 
Kernel panic again?! 
@jeckman yes, I think all the DHCP allocated IP addresses are used up, and I need to get on wifi to finish my presentation.  #openvideo
Installed the KDE desktop as well but that  runs pretty slow. 
@MuscleNerd PwnageTool crashes after unarchiving the ipsw.  (I'm on PPC-10.5.7)
Being jealus. I saw a beta on clubpenguin, and I wish I was one 
@AntoinetteTaus Outlook not so good 
*wishes he could install JDK on his baseunit at work* could learn java on my lunch 
@ScrewAttackHQ Beta code please! 
testing out chrome on a mac...liking it for the most part...but i'm noticing i'm going to have to start creating some CSS fixes for it 
@itowngirl Outlook not so good 
#Bummer! #CSL page says: #BlackBerry Handheld Software v4.6.0.477 (EastAsia), which means: No #Dutch. Will wait for Multilanguage 
doesn't know if its the new kernel or some update in firefox but something is unstable 
Aha! I owe @solobasssteve a beer for pointing out how to prevent leechers using CPanel.There are some nasty bloggers out there... 
@Britt_W whoah my eyes are fried! i dint understand why its not there  i just copied the HTML ... soz mate
IMAP can be very dangerous. Emails downloaded thru IMAP &amp; locally deleted get permanently deleted from the server! Learnt it the hard way 
PHP, jQuery, and MySQL just don't want to be friends today 
It seems a new FriendFeed User Interface (UI) is coming soon. The current one was too young.  #friendfeed
Anyone in #indy know of a cheap place to get wheels for a Pontiac Vibe? Help a brother out. Chrome is cracking and ruining tires 
@k386 aghh, missed that message.  but oh man, check out Dasher: http://tinyurl.com/4ekl Ubuntu has it in the repos!! SO COOL
Palm Pre 1.0.3 update enables sync with non-SSL Exchange servers, but still no support for servers that require device PINs. 
@ag0717 Outlook not so good 
@chazbot Of course!  The jQuery lightbox plug doesn't activate lightbox on all image links.  Lame!!!! I depend on that!    haha
Listening to a podcast about .NET while sitting in traffic 
wants the old Multiply interface back &amp; thinks that its way much better than Beta 
It looks as if PwnageTool 3.0 was rushed too quickly, crashes 100% on my PPC DP1.42 GHz Leopard 10.5.7  @#$%^ $@%^ V@$%^&amp;
Offline 
DAMN forgot to make a backup of all my fonts before reinstalling Windows 
I'm a complete retard.  I just now figured out how to use CandyBar and I've been messing with it for like two days now.  
@shalini27 Outlook not so good 
I hate reloading all of the Cydia applications after an upgrade.  
The sound system on Linux is a big mess, and it won't get better soon 
iTunes and Windows 7 RC aren't playing nice ... ciao iPhone. 
@jruizisenberg but im also still learning C++ for OpenGL not ES 
@trey GoDaddy.  I tried a couple other registrars with no success.  Also, Adium messes up the IDNs 
Password doesn't work 
Leopard killed my minesweeper 
I wish someone would teach me SQL Express/Oracle/Access, I'm too lazy to learn it on my own! But I need to, to finish my project at NIIT 
@Cuppycake21 Outlook not so good 
youtube/push debug has delayed ultrasn0w tweaking..will be working on it thru the weekend.  I definitely stink at ETAs  (via @MuscleNerd)
Aww! The points I won during the gameshow don't count in the Beta  I would have had 400 MS points for being a smarty tonight. *tear*
I m thinking to going offline for next 24 hours QuickPwn totally Pwned me 
I'm going to wait until QuickPwn 3.0 comes out. Pwnage tool has not worked for me. I keep getting error 1600 after trying everything 
Stupid &quot;hen&quot;, wake up now! I start to hate Windows VISTA, I hope, that Windows 7 will be more better! 
i miss you..through all the things we have been through..i still miss you..  i feel like blogging. XP
Looking at Kohana. Sick of PHP4 suckiness of Code Igniter 
@MuscleNerd Please, just get us JB for Windows  untweaked, whatever...
Vista is #crap 
cannot find a program for linux (other than the old amarok) that will sync my song ratings 
wants to upload her new website but has lost her password for her FTP  waaaaa
I Cant Open My Mozilla Firefox  Eeeeeekkk 
Ah client's poxy VPN failed again 
@saurik Any reason on why Cydia in 3.0 does not have the Alphabet on the right side as before? It's difficult to browse the packages 
@devinalexander Outlook not so good 
my phone died tonight so if you AIMed me i didn't get it  Beta was off the chain!!! soooo much fun!
is testing out the VMWare Beta but uuuuuuuh I want to go to sleep 
Fighting with Windows Batch Scripts... 
@MuscleNerd Great work! Any idea when Pwnagetool, quickpwn or redsn0w will work for Mac OS X on PPC? I'm dying here... 
I want Mozilla Prism Extension for Firefox 3.5 RC2 badly 
@dotmariusz After a bit of searching I can't find an existing meeting  I'll have to launch one, we'll meet via iChat conference calls.
@bekkynixon SBSettings, 5 icon dock. I said I wouldn't but lack of SBSettings made me cry.... 
Hmmm... Still unsure about Bento for the iPhone... Excel/Numbers imports and a landscape spreadsheet view? I guess you need Bento Client 
@TheWebsterHoff Is Criterion Games Network offline? can't reach it with Firefox... a blank page after the log-in is all that shows 
@MuscleNerd Great. redsn0w also crashes on PPC. Are you guys silently abandoning PPC support? 
The voice calls on yahoo messenger are not working properly in Windows 7 such a huge pain 
I'll use these modules: Slax Core 6.1.1, smartmontools 5.38-1, LFTP+FTP Pack, sshd-activate... but it starts in the wrong runlevel 
I'm ready to do MapKit development... If only Xcode will compile my current version. 
VLC is failing me tonight 
I woke up this morning and my Desktop was powered down, and now it won't boot.  
Revising EIGRP all day today 
@NitroX72 HAHA! everybody's going on a holiday!... i'm stuck at home on this island... 
Fighting djb and ipv6 to build a package for Nexenta 
@markzettlemoyer There was that, syncing between mobile and desktop apps didn't work for me, no shortcuts, no conversation threads, etc. 
Installing VMWare Fusion update.. hope that DirectX grapchis don't crash my virtual machine anymore 
fighting with sfForm and some half baked plugins 
`-8 % 7` is 6 in ruby and -1 in Javascript 
Is DRing his new server, but after rebooting it he can't log on 
Good list of Firefox plugins for web developers from @dicky83. http://bit.ly/rE2Aq JSONView looks neat, but doesn't work on CouchDB. 
I do NOT want to install Windows 7 just to be able to play Blu-ray movies 
finally i get OmniFocus syncing to work again, not having that app hurts 
Adium has stopped working with Y!M again...  I thought this one was fixed.
I'll miss Cydia and Winterboard in the meantime.  
Cydia always time out and crash! 
I want Chrome. Whine whine. 
overtweeted within the past hr and reached my API limit. Can twitter please extend my account's limit 
The more I look at vBulletin the more I want it for my forum  haha.
Learning WPF is a real test of strength. And I find MSDN guidance a bit lacking 
Looking forward to go on exchange and outlook..... work is still using postmaster Eudora..  eish!!
Despite my growing hatred for Windows in general I'm really digging on Window Media Center.   I've tried foobar but it ran like ass.
@Zeuginy I think it is the server. 
The union boss of my kitty pride, Flash, got professionally worked over last night.   A morning at the vets is in my tarot cards I ph33r.
@dominic_mcg Bleh - Windows only. 
@louiswu: Wow. Have a nice time. Both me and Arun won't be there this time  #GCDS #aKademy #GUADEC
feet ache once again, this is becoming too regular!  Homebrew night tonight should be erm interesting!
@PPDiva It's been doing that to me for like 2 weeks. I'm using Opera mostly now... Ever since the last FireFox update, it's been crashing 
@GarminConnect broken again with JBOSS errors 
@booksandmovies @mawbooks close to yours @booksandmovies 93 percent, I wish I could afford to be on self-hosted WordPress.org site 
@atheistium Stick with XP, Vista is evil 
@davidbadash There's no Flash, though.  Small price to pay. I just keep Camino handy for those pages. 
our server is down 
!@#$ing crap. CakePHP is really useful/nifty/spiffy, but it's got problems when it comes to filtering by related items. You just can't. 
just made Firefox my default browser  *sigh* come on Safari-play nice w/ gmail. and eCollege, if you could play nice too, please?
Can't get Flash to work with FF3.5 on x64 Linux. Looks like only x32 builds available for testing so some plugins won't load 
anyone know of an idiot-proof jQuery sliding panel? I just tried one that wasn't idiot-proof enough. 
Really wishing the site I'm working on right now had SSH access.  These 100 pics are going to take and hour to upload 
The first one isn't even sent to Microsoft yet or my backup 360 is showing the RRoD  Trying the DIY x-clamp fix on this one atm...
Also, apologies to anyone trying to get at my Teamspeak or blog. Server is down and likely to remain so for three weeks. 
@Sophieeeeee_x my sisters took Eclipse with her!!! so i can't read it! DANGIT 
Xubuntu installed on the POS pc.. just need to get the audio drivers complied and installed.... lost in that department! Help! 
I didn't qualifty to be a verified user 
I wish there was a way to tell Outlook RSS not to grab updates older than 24 hours.. 
itouch won't turn on after firmware upgrade. simply gutted 
jailbreaking.. again. my stupid visual voicemail is all messed up. Winterboard is being a whore too. BossPrefs isn't working.. boo. 
and the Ubuntu Installer froze. Harumph 
Pues no, iChat no 
Oh darn-it looks like Linq to NHibernate doesn't implement the join operator ?yet?   Otherwise it's looking super kewl
@thestorysiren  On another note, that RSS button is super cute. You made it? #bloggiesta
@NeoTheBest asta spune un pasionat de OpenSource 
OK, so now I am twitting from Pidgin. Works, but is featureless 
@kristafromvista I tried clicking through to your site but the homepage isn't working properly for me under FF3/Flash 10 
i hate svn, and i have made a right pigs ear of it on CodePlex 
I wish VMware Infastructure Web Access console plugin worked for OS X... Have to do VMware admin from Windows 
@mathiasx they're doing it wrong... a GUID should never change... submit it as a bug 
@omega2k1 No... no it didn't actually.   Having to get my apps from Cydia all over again.
I hate coming home after a weekend away and finding a deluge of email/twitter/RSS stuff to read. 
apparently, there was a gigantic Vista SP2 update pushed out last week, but home comp was off... installing now since it's acting crappy 
I might re-install my Windows XP. It's really slow! 
@polgara Same here  want to swap places? Come to London - although it's more WPF/Silverlight than Flash
Ubuntu forums is down 
I have loved Windows 7 Beta so far...but it just took a MASSIVE shit on me!  
iPhone upgrade to 3.0 &amp; jailbreak went ok; had to reinstall a few apps from Cydia, tho - and Mocha VNC appears to no longer work 
twikini's features aren't working with the ROM that I flashed so I can't give it a really fair try because I font want to flash stock  
And what does that mean while I've been involved with SharePoint perf tuning over 6 months and noone's thought about adding new servers? 
@zenbitch you still using tweetdeck? I miss it terribly.  no internetsssss waaah! XP
gonna downgrade back to Wordpress 2.7 
Twitterific is making me sad with its UI regressions. Medium grey text on a slightly darker background is really hard to read 
Speaking of which, getting a job in web design SUCKS. Everything's freelance. :*( &amp; everything else needs PHP, javascript, SQL, etc... 
OMG! Had 2 daylong Ray Harryhausen-inspired battle trying to get Vista and XP to dual boot. Finally done it! Now 2 weeks of reinstalling 
@jima6636 yea, and i tried to run it as administrator and tried the XP compatability mode and it still just crashes 
@brohawk me too  RRoD FTL
@G13aby Outlook not so good 
I seem to always arrive back at this point: debugging Python and Django email handling 
Trying out vBulletin. No Postgres support though so I have to use MySQL 
@mayhemstudios I'm a print girl...  But.... from reading one of your tweets, I'm going to &quot;get some books on CSS, JavaScript, or PHP&quot;
I spoke too soon: Gears isn't yet compatible with Safari 4 
@saptak @joaguilar So, I need OSX to use Pwnage, right? 
Hacking some JavaScript - without the required skils 
Winterboard, openSSH, MxTube, and things like that aren't working at all for me on 3.0 
@LVM5 morning - no news on baby john yet but I will keep u updated  we are off to thainstone today spying on babycake wifie lol
Day 2 of T2010 ownership. Read on a forum that OmniPass 5 won't work with Firefox 3. OmniPass 6 would cost another 50 bucks. 
starting hardware abstraction layer hald 
Editing GUI Rects is my least favorite part of working with Unity. 
Looking at Infinitest after @RichardVowles mentioned it this week, it's a pity its locked to JUnit 
Dear Firefox, please stop freezing when I need you the most  xx
gmote is great, but just like the rest of XP install it hates (samba)networkshares i've not opened in win. explorer this session  #android
ColorZilla does not work for Flash website  #fail
@jubeit nope, did it on my Windows XP. Very long and draining process though 
Its possible that my CPU is the issue here... if It still sucks on XP64 then I'm going back to Win7 &amp; making my laptop the main again. 
Firefox on Ubuntu does not seem to like linkedin.com. Loading of widgets and contacts never stops.. 
Moving a WordPress site to a new domain was not as simple as I thought.  Learning WP is absolutely fun, tho! #fb
@NetBackup VSS is not OK on Win200864bit actually 
@nedrichards That does look really good, but no Linux support  I'm kind of thinking I'll move to Linux at home again.. (just for a change)
@jeremydmiller Completely forgot to ask to see the Html Extensions you were working on 
Adaptec 52445 - Partial success! Repaired tracks, replaced parts. Now appears in host BIOS, but fails 'controller monitor' &amp; hangs 
@GavinOsborn Had #vs2008 first then put #SQL2008 express. Did it on one go. No errors. Don't ever attempt to install #SQL2008 via WebPI. 
@putmeonit Ah I see yeah, I pulled it using an RSS reader, cant work out any other way 
Trying out identi.ca, the free (also as in freedom) microblogging service. It's based on laconi.ca, which is written in PHP 
Wow, I spoke too soon today about my 2yo Desktop... the sound card just died! Constant loud pitched noise from it. No music, no sound 
Caller ID fix 2.2 from Cydia apparently works on 3.0 as well. No luck with format fix though 
FireFox takes a lot of Memory space.. 
DNS is driving me nuts right now 
@decryption but you are not follow me 
*sigh* Feeling defeated by DNS 
Giving the PC a full scan, suspect it was infected with VBS.RunAuto worm/script. I guess IT must have re-enabled my AutoRun via scripts 
Must say this again...fedora sucks   ( Mandriva/Ubuntu/Mint/OpenSUSE/Sabayon/Debian &gt;&gt; Fedora )
so iWeb doesn't work with SL and i cant update my website, as much as i love the improvements the bugs are pissing me off 
The Linux sound system mess: It just never gets better. 
@seVen_doLpHins poor app, I hoped I could be awesome like the Mozilla Fx 
@BerlianAyudya my little lappy runs both Linux and windows, and windows always has issues with it 
It's about time #twitter API updated my statistics. Only too like 8 hours. 
didn't dare to go in my own room for like 15 minutes just because a freaky lizard was on the blinds. GAHH!! WIMP!!! 
@timidheathen Still not working  I think it doesn't want me to see it :'( maybe a different browser
Firefox is quite a bit slower with Nouveau vs nvidia. 
@JDCrowetoons  Safari can't find the server. Its tough being a MAC sometimes! 
Just got through a 10 min Win7 load from some weird hibernation state. All I saw was &quot;Resuming Windows&quot; for 5s then 595s of black screen 
@brlittle Ugh... this interface is already so horrible.... I don't know if I can bear adding another option 
If your Snow Leopard is running slow - stop using Safari 4 and stick to FireFox... From what I experienced, Safari kills it! 
hm, saxonica is down, just wanted to try Saxon with Jython 
My WordPress upgrade to v2.8 has broken my ability to upload new posts using Windows Live Writer.  
Deploying a new snapshot version of #Microlog to the Microlog Maven repository. The SourceForge server  connection is not stable 
Garr! Safari keeps locking up  I blame society.
Does Firefox have the option to continue download after few hours when using MegaUpload? I'm downloading a big file now. 
is mad at Microsoft Office Word. it erased a review. 
Firebug is not being my friend right now 
Doesn't look good for a new phone today. Everyplace is sold out. 
@saurik Ugh.. Cydia seems to crash even more as of late... 
@sm0othie but it is and still nothin  i just copy n paste into HTML and it shows up as blank box
Learning CSS and PHP with expresso on the mac, this program rules, I wish I could afford it after the trial of it 
Thanks @tylerabele! Unfortunately my operating system is too old to update Firefox  Quite the conundrum.
More HTML to do tonight 
@brandonaaron yup..writing an article now on encapsulation for beginners... i've got &quot;var self=this;&quot;preceded by &quot;in jQuery 1.3.3....&quot; 
@marketpublique Outlook not so good 
@walshmichael Backup methods don't seem to be working - links/instructions are crap. Would like a clean install, but out of time. 
3.0 OS on 2G is a little bit buggy, some apps crashes 
@FTBLive Firefox can't establish a connection to the server at ftblive.com. Nooooooooo!  
@emmmaj  I thought the same when I got it but there are some small changes that work well... You'll find 'em! Apps crash more though 
I may cling to 32-bit apps as long as possible because the 64-bit alternatives chew up so much more VM memory  ouch
Boo, Adwords' new interface doesn't support Safari 4 yet. But Safari is my Adwords browser?  Have to choose one of the others now, bother.
@SkypeHelp my skype doesn't start up. The icon appears in the taskbar, but when I mouse over it, it disappears. I have 1 anti-virus: AVG. 
@doughellmann I'd suggest The Gimp but it's less nice on OSX thanks to X11 
@exrecspence Just did! But I had to delete almost all my apps in order for the backup to complete! I'm kind of bummed about that 
my intellisense broken 
Anyone heard of a Ctrl key locking under Windows? Presume there's a shortcut to lock/unlock. Just had to force reboot 
I was about to blog about #jQuery today... but somehow along the way, I lost my inspiration  I hope I'll recover it tomorrow! 
I did not delve into this topic yet, but I see problem where on OSX I project Fink does not use OSX Frameworks to compile Python modules. 
(sigh) I must be getting old... I'm starting to have to  zoom in a notch or two in Safari.  (on a happier note, Safari 4's scaling rocks!)
@VirtualLee I know. {sigh} The server keeps failing in this latest build. 
I &lt;3 Qemu, but it sucks trying to get networking working on Windows. 
Wondering why http://www.designintheopen.org/ wasn't made with Drupal 
Moblin 2.0 on the Eeepc 901 is unbelievably fast ! Now if i could only make the WiFi to work...arrggghhhhhh 
Having delved back into the guts of Expression Engine, its a flexible CMS if you have to use it as a dev, not great for clients though 
studying while working  multitasking is hard...
Tethering from my WinMo, since the internet service couldn't be moved yet. GPRS FTL 
@willduo 3G works perfectly with 3.0 OS. I am totally baffled just these access points (we have 20  ) WPA/WPA2 and the 3GS.
@Boubywasthere what's wrong  iChat me: gggarmen
@Avinio The paradox is that I don't use any addons for GReader at all and it never happened before but seems to be too frequent now 
damm school had 3 gcse test it was gay  they were hard XP
Alright, #WoW has completely failed to run on both my @Ubuntu 9.04 and 8.10 partitions, so I am shit out of luck. 
Where are &quot;original&quot; .NET OSS projects like Hadoop/WEKA/Lucene/etc (not just ports)? Seems like they're all just Mock/Test/IoC frameworks 
Per cent character might be fine elsewhere, but poison in an XML tag.  As told by DreamWeaver validation. 
@cjoh if you choose to go Ruby, the infoether kids would love to help, but we don't do Drupal 
Working on PHP 
Reading JIRA tickets about documentation I can't find.    Reinventing the wheel sucks.
@davidfowl have to use browser don't c it in apps 
which OpenGL drivers do I need to run Savage 2 in !ubuntu? I'm getting a error OpenGL 2.1 not available  
pfff MAC OSX10.5.7 and DHCP, suddenly problems I am not able to solve for some reason 
@chinacat It's not working in 2.8- won't update, even if I uninstall and reinstall all over again 
tried to install 4 pc's|3 XPs, 1 '03serv. 1st XP run ok. other 3 needed all day to work|bios updates, ram not workin so on  i love my macs
I can't seem to think erlangy today. I keep trying to write Erlang like I would ... gasp ... Java. 
I've got a gizillion browser tabs open and one of them is playing an annoying tune 
@dropular the XML API to dropular seems to broken right now  Please fix! I need my procrastination toy back!!!
Microsoft Security Essential #Morro is taking forever to download the virus and spyware definition 
the server is kicking me out 
had to disable the newsletter software on the comluv server, it was using too much memory and techies had to reboot the server 
Bad news for iBook owner -- must buy Apple OS upgrade! Can't update Flash, Firefox or Safari. Running OSX 10.2.8 
#Alfresco problem: what is the max length of &quot;d:text&quot;? I have data for a property  that exceeds 5K characters  
www.victoriamls.ca won't load in my Flock Browser 
wootoff is too hard to follow. things change too quick. its like steepandcheap sites but without my browser popup plugin 
@Anklebuster I Heart NoScript too, but for some reason my laptop doesn't. 
#TwitIQ and #Safari4 - a disastrous combination. Didn't need to relaunch #Safari3 so often 
@radarlistener redesign phpBB? ;)  i swear it's just some monkeys throwing code togetherr. It'll probably have to be a PHP script tho 
Hoping RadRails eventually resolves this bug.  I'm thinking it's an AST/Parser Leak. Had to ditch Eclipse.  http://tinyurl.com/lrx53e
@arlasalcedo IDK really. Safari hangs a lot too. 
I grew up with MS - and all I learnd was that in the end, all these shiny innovations from MS are copycated somehow  http://bit.ly/12ROM9
.yeah, iKnow i'm pretty l8 w/ the green overlay. sry. 
@ThinkReferrals  I miss XP  Unfortunately I bought the early vista systems n everyone keeps telling me that I can't go back to XP in them
Waaahhhhh, saaaad...Fail Gnome on Qtask!  lolll!  
@joshsharp it doesn't seem to update live if I run in 2 browsers either 
Anyone know how to install UniConverter http://is.gd/1cJSm into Inkscape? (OS X) This requires unix commands or... sumthin or other. 
@ziadrazak ya what to do! Dahlah prolong hours in jam causing me to blank out at random times  btw can anyone tell me wut is ODF pls
Debugging my Java Activity class in JDBC application..Not able to find where I am wrong 
Codec drama solved. QT and FrontRow play all files gorgeously with no dropped frames. XBMC/Boxee not nearly as well. 
has no more FTP monies. what willl i do now  ??? gonna cheer myself up w/ mint&amp;&amp;chocolate chip isream.
renamed Eclipse.app so I could distinguish installs in Dock; updated eclipse sym link; SVN got all flacky - updates recreate Eclipse.app 
Sorry, nicht Silverlight 3 sonder Silverlight 2   
Another linuxless day  XP is so bland.
@WheatysGirl for some reason I cant access the story section on TWILIGHTED.NET. weird 
facing Git nightmare  any Git expert out there???
@agentbarish Outlook not so good 
Why is the chart I just edited in Microsoft Powepoint  does not register ASAP? 
I'd love to be able to do CSS.  Fluently.  And XHTML with a bit of PHP thrown in for good measure.  But I can't 
And another mandatory update for #Windows #Vista on the company laptop  Wonder if I need to reboot...
Need Aspell 0.6.6 for Windows in binary. It sucks to develop on Windoze - many OSS tools feel like 2nd class citizen there 
If I unfollow you it's prolly because you mentioned the &quot;IDE which must not be named&quot; - not for anything personal. Losing good people 
Uhm... my Ubuntu laptop did not work with projector, first time this has happened . Using Windows from the previous speaker 
Ruby on Rails is killing me! 
@drewm Yes if only #skype screen sharing for mac used the QuickView hooks to do it similarly. Nobody uses iChat 
Upgrading MacOS didn't fix my problem. Uninstalling Flash Catalyst... 
The new MS Outlook seems to be dumping CSS-support - leaving developers to build HTML-mails like in the stoneage.  See fixoutlook.org
Need to find the Windows Setup Disc now...have to format laptop today...its infected like anything... 
Still restoring data from TimeMachine... 2 hours to go 
Holy Wow! id Software has been bought by Bestheda! R.I.P. 
The PubSubHubbub protocol is as complicated as its name 
Have just discovered that #Sharepoint Online doesn't supoprt mail-enabled lists  #BPOS
Bah, I'm getting bored with the Debug-Edit-Compile cycle. I want to play!!!  
@kiwimmigrator hahaha. stupid API crapped out on me. frustrating...  boo.
Just tried to use my old scanner for the first time in years and there's no driver for OSX. Junk. 
Sandbox tiger only has 50 charges? What the crap?! I wanted it forever. 
@albertleefizz ERP software, thats not a simple business! I have had a course at school, wasnt my favourite subject  But a nice job!
I &lt;3 legacy enterprise software (via @readyState) ditto  especially locked down crippled runtimes 
got the mediahub working with daughters PC.  Yep - it was Windows Firewall sure enough 
PROLI was a hard return to reality after ITIL's joke 
Took another exam today, didn't expect I'd be stuck to a question for PostgreSQL/MySQL statements.. 
Don't ever have inconsistent line endings. I am paying the price for it now. Was using UNIX and Windows for Coda and Dreamweaver 
Site still struggling to display   Joys of DNS tweaking lie ahead...
Database Replication RnD  
looks like I'm going to be back to using Windows again in the very near future - can't say I looking forward to it 
Struggling in trying to learn Flash, Jquery / Javascript, .net and building a search engine at the same time 
did anyone know PHP means Personal Home Page!!!  i know only now 
You know, I wouldn't mind getting more hands-on time with Aion, but it won't run on Windows 7. 
Man. Kaspersky is not making a friend of me right now.  Very unsatisfied. 
oh FFS, ESXi 4.0 drops support for all 10/100 NICs &gt; 
Microsoft Bluetooth Mouse is mIssing... Left it on the table at Expo Hall 1 MIS Table... And now it is gone... 
Deploying Windows 7 RC virtual machines using MDT 2010 beta.  Writing notes on O/S deployment when I'd rather be updating my site. Work! 
Two days spent profiling, debugging, rewriting huge JavaScript app. But my performance issue was caused by PHP server not set to Fast-CGI 
so far so good.  But, this will (somewhat) kill my jailbreak situation i.e. Winterboard.    A temporary situation.
WTF! Kubuntu won't download from wubi 
Delphi 2006 Refactoring doesn't seem to like declaring variables of user-defined types 
Lunch time is over. Back to XML, VB and SQL 
@DIY_Musicians HTTPS is for secured pages. Not getting it here. Something your end redirecting you 
@ethicalhack3r Recruitment process? If you think Windows Firewall is the solution to all security problems then you've got the job?... 
Eek - one of the headsets won't communicate with our VoIP handsets and we've got a Webinar to log into in a couple of minutes 
Having problems setting up Cairo Dock on Ubuntu  Some of the cairo themes I saw on youtube look awesome!
I can not run songbird 1.2 on Ubuntu!  Searching...
Sigh. Javascript and HTML are not my friends today.   Bah.
@SteveBFW I guess that is the only way it will pick up my Outlook email too.  
Task Mgr &gt; Processes before update Digsby #5 for memory usage...after update...still #5.  Firefox is still in the #1 spot.
@rjamestaylor Thanks! I now have the problem that I needed to upgrade to a recent version of PHP and it's breaking in other ways 
Still feeling the Longhorn lost pain. 
@S4BI wat happened miss laugh a lot 
i has got a fever..  h1n1 perhaps?? XP
Once again my debugger won't attach to a Silverlight process, and once again I have no idea why 
Every time someone uses Microsoft Word to create HTML an angel loses its wings 
Attempting to post the podcast, but WordPress doesn't want to play  The post is there! It just won't accept that it has a media enclosure
so damn tired, who know EdiFact here?? even BizTalk hates using that standard why should I hardcode something like that in c# 
... but no special Windows 7 upgrade pricing in the EU  http://is.gd/1d6Ja
My Firefox just got weird! All my extensions stopped working just like that. Tried to reinstall Firefox, but that doesn't work. 
Stellastar is playing the Sandbox birthday party..... I want to go 
@S4BI awww.. maybe she needs to visit the tickle monster 
@ericaogrady  hey i REALLY NEED help with my Outlook... did @mistykhan reply...? 
Wish SVN 1.5 could commit individual changes in a file, like git-add can 
Flippin heck, the upgrade price to Windows 7 Ultimate is stupidly high. Not exactly encouraging people to upgrade, Microsoft. 
@lightmastertech Only problem is that I have a few sites hosting from the one MobileMe account and cant use a Domain Name for each 
New home 'server' PC has arrived. Now... to learn Windows Vista 
Google Chrome is so effing fast! Especially on a Quad core machine. I just really wish I had AdBlock Plus and Googlepedia from Firefox 
@exhibitv auditing our client files! 
can't type in Hebrew on Seesmic Desktop 
Anyone having trouble with #Ubiquity 0.5 beta not showing? Doesn't matter what I set the short cut to... 
@iut It's too late... I've &quot;Reset Safari&quot;, and all my history, top sites, save names and passwords ... are gone 
auxillo! help! PHP Live Support Solution  buaaaaa
Almost of ICsid changed ... No more simple programmers 
There should be a book for WPF Designers!! I know someone is currently working on it but it should have been out years ago 
Great... soon to be forced to work on central hosted XP machine...when our software runs on Server 2008 
remaining API what is it? because of it my tweetdeck doesnt work perfectly 
Using XML Catalog resolver with Saxon to avoid fetching DTDs from the net http://bit.ly/saxondtd - not worky with /etc/xml/catalog for me 
Konqueror works, Firefox via web works after restarting and clearing cookies as well but identifox does still not work   !identica
well I upgraded to Ubiquity 0.5 and half my commands don't work with Parser 2 
I have purchased the custom CSS upgrade but still...lost in oblivion 
Any Actionscript/XML gurus out there want to take a project off my plate? No time to finish it  I'll pay you.
Fed up with Windows 7! Feels like its same old vista wine in new bottle!  Learn microsoft! Learn from the mistakes. Going back to Ubuntu.
@peterfacinelli I keep trying to enter, but keep getting a Drupal off-line error when i submit it 
Was gonna update new laptop to Windows 7 RC but forgot.....no disc drive  it seemed like a good way to save money but now i'm not sure
...now it's again not working in all my browsers...  !identica session token / internal server error 500
@tysonj And it's probably only upgradeable from Vista too. 
darn it! all that work to get my OS back in English and it doesn't even have the options I want. Think i need to install some software 
@eblerim yes, VM is down for more than 10 days now  But you should be able to e-mail me at my work address
vote for @xxStephy http://www.tripcentral.ca/PHP/funny/index.php?action=playVideo&amp;videoID=89 !  yayyy
got my beta code of bumptop need to find a machine to run it  #bumptop
Perl's CPAN installer has lots of quirky humour which is fun but I just want to get the job done. I prefer quiet tools; funny docs are OK 
@rodnet  I think #PHP would be much better if they got rid of half of the functions in the language 
@dhewlett Ignore a mySQL problem until tomorrow? You're definitely still a system admin at heart 
Totally in awe of Firebug for Firefox. Wow.. now that is a cool tool 
Preparing numbers for ReSharper 4.5 release. Who need numbers, I wonder? 
is getting ready to install our BI stack again 
first i gotta set up some other anti spyware programs to give my dearest Spybot some company 
@ijansch that'll be the solution that spawns MySQL from inside Apache, making it almost impossible to secure via SELinux? 
I miss re-share button, too. &quot;Like&quot; works in a way as re-tweet though...  re: http://ff.im/1Y0vX
9.04 Beta. painless upgrade. 
Any converts from Firefox to Flock?? If yes, why do you prefer it? - thanks 
@mrBallistic Very true. Lack of Adobe Apps = focus. Depends on what you do, though. Browser alone could be a distraction 
When will !pidgin integrate otr-encryption as a standard component like !adium does? I will really appreciate that! 
@cityrat59 nothing to congratulate for, it's just a task, but thanks  @geovolt i don't work in the Maemo group
Just downloaded 'Get Personas' - a Firefoxp plugin which allows you to easily dress up your browser. There's some really nice designs. 
@serialseb I've got build 7068 x64 and it's running great. That MSDN subscriptions will come in handy 
it'd be great if some opensource luminary would record 'talk' files for #rockbox  the daleky voice is unimpressive 
@tommcfly Eclipse is awesome  it's better than new moon
@venzann But SSIS is like an old friend and I hate regex's 
@tommcfly Eclipse is awesome  *-*
@GeoffreyB50 yes, use curly and not square -- but curly don't work in the blog post. Joomla tries to render them 
I'm looking forward to listen to the #Drupal presentation by @timmillwood as I'm such a #WordPress lovers!  #IgniteCardiff
@ManuSupra tu upload ton dossier sur ton FTP : /www/wp-content/themes/ 
@dandad a beautifully designed fully accessible HTML website 
@robcthegeek You forgot Dependency injection/IoC containers on your tech todo list 
but HA! Internet Explorer is being nice to me  Mozilla Firefox is mean.
Looking forward to publish a paper on developing APIs  @mdekuijper Hopefully at ICSR or other...
is extremely happy to get a Symbian Developer Certificate 
@anmnlutwysdt Some of the compilers are missing or 'un-known'. It's pretty much fixed now 
@manuelsagra definitelly  sometimes it fails ( as mostly any other service)... but still in beta???  which is the roadmap then? 
Office work today!! Yippy! whatever.. 
Just for @nnardelli to email round his dep't  http://snurl.com/feo4p Another blog entry: Workload Manager Policy in XML Format - Part II
@n1k0 after the symfonians' 500 apps, there are 500 symfony plugins listed 
Rails can be so handy 
@neil_pie_PHP all sent duke!, thanks 
@fabiankr oh...und begeistert von CoreGraphics 
@exsecror jQuery is dump. Prototype ftw! 
@ScottBourne do these virtual volumes mean you can have different filesystems? say ZFS 
@claypole I bought myself a new Fox Flux the other day. My Giro Xen was a similar age 
DB Attach option - deletedatabase does not delete the database  #SharePoint #spbpuk
WOW.... Ubuntu beta on my netbook. 
@andreascliment It's a nice piece of software indeed 
@brianhprince No IIS in place or IIS6 only, explicit control over startup/shutdown without writing custom behaviors, others... will blog. 
something going live  tension stress QA
Oh, BlackBerry Desktop Software has actually managed to upgrade itself to v4.7.0 after a long and heroic struggle 
wow !! finally my linux review got over , I am happy 
@domdingelom Look near the bottom of the MacHeist page. EventBox is free for all visitors  It's Beta quality for sure, but has potential.
NHibernate HQL AST - 11 failing tests remaining, having a good day 
@PhilStratton You get used to it  Vista took me about two or three weeks beofre I finally became comfortable &amp; I liked XP.
@eriktheplaid I will have to check out TextMate. I have heard good things elsewhere but as always you are my software sherpa. 
@cheeseache Linux is fine if you want a glorified calculator 
I wonder if @guykawasaki was almost causing DOS with his tweet on the &quot;Review of URL shorteners&quot; . the site took quite long to load 
@mrbushido i &lt;3 the quality! 1280x760 h264 + Eclipse 
@jeyoung Vim without. hjkl ftw 
finished first professional Flash project; looking forward to seeing it published 
http://migre.me/mNs plone4 - We now require Python 2.6! 
@RSnake nice 
Thanks everyone for the Open Source OS X sites they're going to come in handy. 
@hewball Looks like Drobo's website is getting a hammering. Would be interesting to see if the DroboPro works with ESXi! 
(Anonymous_User5278020:Office): that x10 must be a very clever thing  i only knew x11 
@MikeSpremulli Fortune cookie says your friends appreciate your WordPress installation skills  (as well as other tech stuff)
Found solution to my high CPU usage problem! Stupidly simple but never would have figured it out on my own. No more reinstalling Windows! 
@mnystedt Sometimes, but now mostly with his new white macbook. Tryin to learn OSX 
If I understand correctly, BIG-IP uses Linux to boot the platform, and load the software. So Linux is central to the device working, no? 
@samuraifrog - Bloodhound? That one is pretty benign, but annoying. No viruses for Linux, but unfortunately, Linux sucks. 
Downloaded Portable Ubuntu in just over five minutes. File size was nearly 500mb. Gosh, I &lt;3 @Orcon! 
so i finally installed Norton AntiVirus 2009  jesus it was a mission but its the shiz i wanna sing for diddy. www.youtube.com/jazzypoohs92
@Decrypter thanks 
@ruthnin what, no Apps for it? Hehe, i canceled my C905 order in time, because it has a weird software afaik - Symbian is way better 
@suzannehih i guess we all reuse templates though. 
Got Easter well-wishes by SMS in jQuery format. I know I have great friends! (that don't validate the existence of a DOM object  )
@voituk well, learn Python, it's not bad 
Script is complete.  Probably will not shoot it today, not all my actors are available at the moment lol   But soon!  SOOOoonnnnn
@bluefur if I win the server, I'll trade you for hosting LOL 
Searching for a good simple RNG, came across really old Usenet postings. People were real assholes back then 
@stinger_wifey ok i just saw your Longhorn comment. That seasalt must be in your brain. LOL your husband is a smart man. 
@lancefisher You know you want to do some WSH Perl scripting.  
@VertexBase tell us another code-song 
Watching my lovely lefty of a mommy have fun with Microsoft Paint... With her right hand. This is classic. 
@andy32muk They aren't fucking kidding. This API is so totally fucking kickass compared to stupid DFail. 
#Microsoft will release #Windows7 #RC on May 5, 2009. I guess I already have that version... 
@iPenginBrijhe - the very nice @WiltingSoul is trying to get AT&amp;T to provide rollover API 
@sai_venkat re: non-testable: Adobe Air is a convenient thin UI for a fully testable API. Air is SO MUCH BETTER than, for instance, IE6. 
@henry_wu i bought it a few years ago on Ebay and love the little machine - i got it working on Windows7 thankfully 
@tina_angel A torrent is something you can download with a program called Bittorrent 
Checking out Mosso's Cloud Servers, and wondering at the same time why on earth I pay @mediatemple $50 a month.. 
Good news : Ubuntu Amazon EC2 RC1 is released, with Landscape support  - infos here  http://bit.ly/muMmj
@ooh_its_allyson yeaa imaa record it . XD or have jazmine . XP  i want you , jazmine &amp; krystle for pe . 
Customizing my firefox browser 
@FlashSheridan I would say that if I were a medieval character I would be a jester, so yup.  In your case, Outlook = your fav. software.
@proteusguy I guess when Linux rules the world, I'll be cheering on Microsoft then 
@_Goblin Yeah blame them flame them... what else can we do  Dude #Microsoft is #Microsoft and I am all for it IT PRO 10x 2 M$ ...
Switched from VMWare to Parallels, liking it much more! 
@adhoctg thank you  and it was cheap because i can do the server admin myself and have a decent server already running
@vicjamm So much for Smithers standing guard for me!  Password protected now 
Trying out the Seesmic Desktop Preview. Looks promising, if still a little buggy. 
http://bit.ly/zUE99 Yahoo CSS Grids - lucky I found it - now building CSS layout is so easy task 
@denharsh Unless you really use those Digsby features that are not in Pidgin, why not use Pidgin 
finally set up SimplePie with my little web project, now to sort out some flashy Javascript to go with it 
HTML5 reerence  http://dev.w3.org/html5/html-author/
Just got up. Slept with both Windows open. Quite a refreshing breeze. 
Really getting in2 JavaScript. I feel sorry 4 my poor students I'm going to inflict it upon, but I'm sure the pain will pass 
@meetdux thanks!  looks like #spsatl went great as well. #SharePoint people rule all... 
@jasonstathamno1 Have to wonder how far you are from the JAVA...I have to be right close to it 
Just installed TweetDeck, as everyone seems to express the love towards it  Will it run on Ubuntu as well as Windows?
My laptop needs to be flattened. What OS should I install... Vista, XP SP3, Win7, Linux? Your opinion in 140 chars or less please. 
@chluaid amazing software 
@Ivan_Petrov I imagine  I spent the day home, installing VMWare Fusion, Win XP SP3, Windows Live Writer and only went out for dinner. Brrr
Doing some CSS(3) on  a personal project before getting back on Rails 
@aspiringgeek When exactly do I have time to blog when I have Windows 2K8/SQL 2K8 barriers to break?? 
is just waking up from a wild night. ooooh yah. goldschlagger is *not* my friend. visiting the ROM today! 
@wizardgold Thanks for the advice! I'm mostly happy with GnuCash, being free and open source. Just means i need the other computer! 
@The_Weakonomist Virtual desktops for Windows.... what a new, revolutionary concept   Anybody remember Software Carousel by Broderbund?
Experimenting with Freshbooks. I hear that's what the pro's use. 
@NoAffiliation although the main thing I do on my Linux box is open a dozen terminal windows 
Just got Windows Home Server Installed!!  Now I am just setting it up. Torrents here I Come!!!!
darn CSS almost caused me not to sleep tonight, goodnight everyone  tomorrow will be another boring work day
Twhirl is fun in Windows Vista 
How awesome! OpenPyro featured on the Github blog as a notable new project   http://bit.ly/UeFzY
Joomla is pretty confusing. I'm not sure if I like it. It's no WordPress 
All #Gravity users with &quot;Save-Settings&quot; probs, could you eMail me (ole at mobileways.de) and I'll send you a debugging version. Cheers! 
Triggers and LINQ 2 SQL is a no go...I wonder if LINQ 2 SQL will ever be a real go 
@pascy Greasemonkey without a doubt 
Yay! It IS working. Now I can geek around without being limited by expensive webhosts. 
@NeoTech2020 ok, i'll stop the plugin 
#branding :: Free Online Mind Mapping :: Bubbl.us :: http://is.gd/tkpI Exports in PNG, HTML, XML and JPG 
It's been a long time since I used DOS, so it was very exciting to be able to help Emily get an old RPG game working on Vista tonight!  
Ubuntu's new v9.04 comes  http://www.ubuntu.com/getubuntu/releasenotes/904overview sill an rc but next week...
@Damir not need to compare... Silverlight 3 is your man!! 
SharePoint - ??? ????? ? ??????  #remixru
@simond Unfortunately only one patch in the WordPress patch marathon I think, I've not read the report yet. I hope they repeat it. 
What a start in the week... morning is all about jQuery and after lunch I'm off to @tweakfest  #doingthehappydance
Top 5 screen captures by Lifehacker http://cli.gs/hNvbWV - Snagit is definitely my personal favourite 
@gblock Amen to that one. We REALLY need that. And those compiler hooks coming in C# 5 
@BenTortora yeah this box is hard wired so no worries with that. I'm too cheap for OSX 
@slidingscorpion: Last time I installed Win XP on a PC, I turned on the printer and XP installed the driver without any of my clicks. 
@polastre the panel was very nice and by far the most interesting one I have the chance to hear. It surely put TinyOS in perspective. 
@DEFgraphics good thanks  just starting on some jQuery stuffs lol - you?
Scrounging parts for a FreeNAS box 
is looking how to use realtek 8111/8169 with ubuntu server 8.04 LTS 
Cloud computing savings. Interesting, I thought I was right   http://tinyurl.com/dg3wgd and my blog on this http://tinyurl.com/djcer8
Ubuntu 9.04 - 3 day tot go 
@nlupus hey dude  doing good thanks - wishing I could be outside... just writing some jQuery...
@rFactor2 What about a cli linux version of the dedicated server? the community would be grateful i think 
@RoryBecker haha we do, not too worried though, the @DevExpress guys rock anyway 
I need a jQuery based nav menu ... anyone have one _lying_ around, may be some beer money in it 
I want comment and comment form at the place of my sidebar in #Wordpress. any help !?   please rt
@feedsfour I'm only familiar with Postnuke and Joomla. I'm a CMS-noob. More of an image-editor myself and copy/paster for everything else 
Looking into JasperReports, maybe will learn it as well this summer and of course see how to add some jQuery love into it 
@jemimakiss Replying to you lots today  But yes, my kingdom for a bit.ly toolbar extension for Firefox that plugs into Twitterfox!
@neil_garb hehe, ya. Not gonna work so well with my RSS feed 
not 100% sure about tweetie's interface, it could blend in a little more - but hey - features are abound which is good 
First thing when setting up Windows - install AV software, first thing when setting up Lin or OSX - install twitter client 
@pgeorges I prefer running native OSX apps when I can 
Flash homework and a run (though not 26 miles 
#Oracle agrees to buy #Sun. Guess #MySQL will loose some advocates. See a rise in #PostgreSQL  http://tr.im/jdO5
@ifanr Hotkey? Can you let me know what exactly the Hotkey should do? 
At last - all pages with video from Silesian Microsoft User Group and PLSSUG Katowice are playing movies with Silverlight 
@NickHodge Would be an unfair comparison as I only have it in a Parallels VM. I'm pretty happy with IE8's CSS rendering, though! 
After years of attempts, Oracle has finally figured out how to put his hands on MySQL: http://bit.ly/5rtW6 
@mixdev  CouchDB its a document oriented isnt it? should work on it before i comment   HBase ? Have u ever worked on any of this bfore?
@wilsonreid OSX + TIMEMACHINE = job done 
@JohnGreenaway  I wonder about MySQL in there too ... v.odd
@imjustcreative I would, you're super awesome Graham! I'm on my old WinXP box now so I'll get back to you on that soon, that okay? Thx! 
Oracle now own Sun Microsystems  Means Java is now an Oracle controlled technology. Yay for Larry. http://tinyurl.com/dmpens
The Packager beta tool might not be as big as that merger, but the gui is certainly.. impressive 
@zerolab there is Firebug Lite for Chrome . Also, Chrome is better suited for /surfing/. You are not developing 24/7, are you? 
@nShontz if it's on their home page then its official   http://twurl.nl/gt51ly  I think MySQL gets a boost but might be called OracleLite 
@NicolaHerbert go with Wordpress &gt; www.wordpress.com I do  http://eep.me.uk
@jasonmawdsley It's called Monitoring Tool, technologies include ASP.NET and Flex. I'm happy about .NET By the way this is for PMs &amp; PLs 
@baughje our website, but I broke it back  I accidentally deleted a curly brace in some jQuery code.
I am at home.... but still some work to do for the project which will go online today. Now if only my VPN would work 
Just installed a Joomla CMS system on to a web server for the 1st time  It was easier than expected  tea time
Happily working on OSS project w/ smart people from several companies who work on OSS for a living. 
session support done and got some Linq stuff figured out too... heading home. yeah! 
Morning all - VM Ware now running in Unity mode with XP which is pretty kool  HCI with BTEC 2nd Yr this am then with the twins from 3 
@ashitasaluja Shouldn't it be '*an* SQL query'? But that's a great one! 
SlashNet now supports WEBIRC with Mibbit on all servers 
ummm...my API is 0 so yall give me a sec to refresh 
Oh and the other Yr12 kid who also happened to be in the library too started downloading PortableApps when he found out he could run FFnn 
Oh and the other Yr12 kid who also happened to be in the library too started downloading PortableApps when he found out he could run FF!! 
@brownplante We will! It's called the Windows Marketplace for Mobile. Will be out soon  checkout  http://bit.ly/gj1Rs  ^LU
Heading to Bill's for breakfast with the Realmac crew 
I down-graded to XP and will probably live happily ever after...  #vista #fail
Just customised my SmartBlogger joomla Template.. http://pinurl.com/smartblogger.. tell me what u think? if u want it, msg me, k? 
@jamestenniswood Yep - I did a VHD install of the full version of Enterprise Build 7087 in 20 minutes flat to Initial Configuration Tasks 
@timgws I think Linux and XP are two words that should not be together in the name of an operating system 
Thinking about CMIS vs WebDAV, Jackrabbit will have both  And most projects using Jackrabbit (like Jahia), will have both too 
finally we got a strong integration between CodeIgniter, ZendFWK and our own Framework, now its time to develop the API 
doing last preparations before heading to the Norwegian Citrix User Group spring event 
@speedyb change the keyboard preferences in Settings. I hear you can enable emojis somehow too 
Looks like someones used Googles Custom Search to make it a Torrent Engine  http://is.gd/tCod
Sun shines through my window, The Aggrolites + Wordpress  goooood stuff!
@zssz Yes, Apache Labs wants its own XMPP server because the wave is growing. Good news 
@abishadh VLC can 'stream' video over LAN. Dunno about conferencing. Wanna test it on BP's network? 
Listening to @stilkov do a talk at #jax09 on RESTful Web Services with Rails.  Nice to see a Rails track at a mostly Java conference 
@garymccaffrey Flash is so heavy and slow, they'd have to work on that first. But the overall idea is awesome, isn't it 
@riouj, me as usual ... I'm a sysadmin on Gentoo-only network 
@CLR407 a lil.  thanks. &lt;3
thinks she should continue writing that blog entry about MySQL Replication.  It's a good idea, isn't it?... http://plurk.com/p/pbhn4
@johnsalminen Can't tell the details about the project but I'm working with ASP.NET and SQL Server. Lots of DB design ahead 
Doing great things with ASP.NET Multiview and exploring the delights of MS Enterprise Library... 
@iawdev no doubt  The PHP side is gonna be okay once installed as it's cross-platform  #winphp
Setting up a public Github account so I can start sharing some of my code that could b useful to others but does not hurt my IP portfolio 
Sun, Oracle and open source? Still hoping for the best - Apache NetBeans? Codehaus Glassfish? 
@pixiecampbell Configuring what hottie cakes? 
@kittysdrawings Excellent, thank you! Now to convince my lecturer to let me create a Flash-based zine/blog/site hybrid 
@wybew re: OOCSS I often recogn. 'loose objects'. But I wonder: Is the Cascade a feature or a bug in your approach? I ? 'Cascade' in CSS 
Is cacti is a good supervisor for a PHP noob like me ? That's the question !! 
@ichverstehe exactly the reason why I'm using it  WordPress feels too bloated.
glad the headache has gone away. must be all that SQL in my head. climbing tonight.  still loving this:  http://www.secrettweet.com/
@moosegrinder I just needed a break from writing SQL reports. 
Living with the limits of Windows 7 Starter Edition  http://blogs.zdnet.com/Bott/?p=844
Showing Realmac-ites the extent of my Coda coda-sharing fu 
@dalefraser I was just kidding.  I think it is related with comfort level while deciding into a distro. I still love my Slackware too. 
porting Open Admin to PHP AJAX, everuthing will be from scratch 
Showing Realmac-ites some Coda code-sharing fu 
@webkiwi  I did make a commitment as an CExp so have 2 at least test drive it - it is draining     not as much noise as NNTP though
my ass hurt.. what the hell.. XP      got a new hair cut today.. it's kewl 
@james_a_hart you could well be right.. But until I have some sort of GUI, I'll not have the time to experiment and find that out 
@chunsj iPhone, but maybe OSX soon in the future too 
revisando Netbeans 6.7 beta  
Absolutely addicted to WordPress... 
@ryanloewe really?! I've had the complete opposite experience. User error? 
@purserj FFmpeg is great once it's setup 
Interface set up loks great 
switched from fedora to Ubuntu 9.04.. yet to explore to know new features 
@monschlong thanks for Eclipse  i'd forgotten how  fuckin annoying/stupid bella was lol
@decryption Silly me! Thanks 
@brianw might give it a go, or AJAX to the max 
If the Linux bods can patch this ACPI interrupt error, my Ubuntu distro will boot in about 15 seconds 
@sithiro a gun will make snitch/target object sing; sing!  I've ditched mysql &amp; other stuff in favor of SQL Server  Get Certification 
Canning OAuth on pixim this weekend. It's caused nothing but hassle. With basic auth, everything will be gravy 
@Suw indeed! Such a good knitter she is too 
@byfixar next time, get JungleDisk for backup.  You install it once, pay peanuts for usage and never have to think about backup again. 
Who really doubted that Mathematica is the heart and core of Wolfram|Alpha 
&quot;If you don't use jQuery, you're silly&quot;  ik zie PPK naast het podium al fronsen. #mwc
Offline site is ready.. it'll be up and running online pretty soon. 
@laura_eyedea - thansk  tried it all, fine for internet - even get through via FTP for certain sites... something up  somewhere, ... :'(
Upgrading my Ubuntu to the 9.04 version! How cool is ubuntu i can surf on the web meanwhile 
@Surrealist Now all we need is built-in ISO mounting in Windows 7. 
@JonPaulOnLine Thanks for your comments JonPaul! Be sure to enter the contest for the Windows Vista Backpack. 
@oysteinwika @plo The answer isn't always full flash sites  I hope NRK's work on their API will open up exciting possibilities.
Up early to resolve a work problem.  SAP Printers stopped printing in Cyrillic in Moscow and Kiev, got it resolved. 
@wiilassie @llordllama I've been watching it via Boxee for Win XP: usually gets the whole show but sometimes chops a bit off; is legal. 
@BrianNeudorff  Playing with the twitter API. I am going to build something very fun!
just downloading Windows Seven  Developer Release was yesterday
@zorder couple  but issue is on Archlinux.. On Debian AIR is OK
Free Templates and Software from #avery,  http://bit.ly/IV7gk - This is awesome! 
@luvsev We train new admins. 
@RachelHauck need a beta reader?  
@MhdBadi DNS != domain. DNS services are needed on shitty old servers with bad hosts. Pearsonified is moving to a new host 
Finishing up with ASP/SQL machine with Plesk9.2 - should be live this weekend 
successfully ran python and xulrunner 
@AmyStephen  Hi!  Following because of Geeks &amp; God show. Great job.  I'm exploring Joomla for fun now.   J seems good between WP &amp; Drupal.
@MillieLavoisier never really understood RSS or how it works, but will look into it thanks 
is now a RedHat Certified Engineer 
@ParalegalKris Hehe. Cyberduck is an FTP client for Macs. Helps with website design stuff. 
@bnpositive man I hate that language bar. It's the first thing I turn off. Office 2007 adds it. I found the DLL &amp; script it unregistered 
didn't write in my journal today ...im back at it tough tommorow ...i got a double shot eXpresso in my fridge at work waiting for me 
screw sleeping.. code geass is on 
@jimmietryon My 62-yo neighbor uses Linux for simple printing, email, web. No CLI needed. I use the CLI 4 shortcuts, mostly. 
note for next time when using api.drupal.org - pay close attention to the API version number to avoid headaches 
upgrading to Ubuntu 9.04.. will be out for a long time..  http://plurk.com/p/rhri1
About to report my 3rd Chrome bug 
@throwboy oh ok, like the idea of the &quot;WTF?!&quot; kind of iChat bubbles pillows  the ones I like the least are the RSS ones... you?
@nikicheong flush your browser cache not your tweetdeck application. 
Personally, b4 copyPasting txt into Joomla - I convert it from whatever to simple .txt document. Saves helluva lotta trouble later on 
@farihaak  you will soon be reviewing all these applications i guess .... 
Finally been able to activate the Office 2007 Products on Windows 7 
Got Windows version of Seesmic Desktop working and it's very impressive.  Link to Facebook also very good (not that I use FB much  )
ahha my first webapp on google app server is gettin sm popularity 
@mattpuppygreen I always liked the header of this one http://www.floridafishandhunt.com/phpBB2/index.php 
MS logic: 'Install this update to enable future updates to install successfully on all editions of Windows Vista' ... Uhm... right 
@snarkattack Every time you mention Ubuntu, I think of a Japanese set meal. 
@mommo9000 thanks. If you feel the need to fly I have a paitnbrush with ur name on it  and bring that Linux guru with you ;)
@technogranma and also from Windows Live Home 
Upgrading Drupal 5.7 to 6.11: first modules to 5.14, then to Drupal 5.14, now upgrading to 6.11. There should be a smoother way 
@masterninja not really i was a good girl *coughs* and NFS....the races, the online game, the fun.....i like it  better than paradise 
@katiara it's not Vista, it's pimped Xp. And I hate my green walls. 
@khaledalhourani Thunderbird ?? ??? ?? ????? ?? ???? ?? 
Going to install Windows Server 03 and Seven Beta 1 on Vmware Workstation 
@hnprashanth back to XP eh? 
Using FriendFeed API to develop e mobile publisher  http://ff.im/-2xUjn
spending the day with my mom and sissy and then prolly finishing Eclipse! only 15 pages left!!!!  yahyyy for me!  bout time!
@TheTechGurus thanks hun, just phoned and he's ordered one from ebay thats works with Linux, see how he gets on 
@OOBE starwar ????? 
@loic @askseesmic So I can &quot;like&quot; something from Seesmic Desktop, but have to click their name to comment? You know what I'd like 
I think Microsoft have FINALLY gotten Windows + it's apps right. 7th time lucky eh Redmond? 
&quot;We are the Betas, Betas, Betas. We are the Betas, Betas, Betas. We are the boom, boom, boom, BETAS!&quot; - Stomp the Yard 
Boot drive recovered (&lt;8 months old), cloned to new drive. Installed Vista SP2 (I'm a TechNet subscriber) in under 25 mins. Good to go. 
Almost done with my new blog, built on Sharepoint - what else? 
ZTecWiz bought mIRC for $10 
ubuntu 9.04 on the lappy is finally set up exactly how i want it. turns out the final package configuration step was missed. all good now 
@ladyyueh I would love a code 
Playing with Redhat (CentOS5) again after years of not using it. Picked it up like I never left. Really good thing for possible job. 
@KevinMuldoon 1.1 fixes many plugin issues. Adds dropdown menu support, and import/export. 
well impressed with the Vista to Win7 RC upgrade of my media center.  took a couple of hours but was painless  #fb
Learning RoR isn't that bad. I hope I still think that in the morning when it's not as fresh. Submit my article tomorrow 
@patrickdlee which one is that? if you don't mind me asking  #vBulletin
Maximum Windows: Take Control of Your Desktop with Five Free Apps! | http://bit.ly/UYe5b *for the non mac peoples 
just received OMAP and DaVinci Software For dummies book from Texas Instruments, for free  http://is.gd/wvEr
For the first time, Linux kernel failed me ( b44 driver problem ).  Found a patch though. 
Seems to me like Perl programmers shouldn't throw stones.  
Doing a lot of solution design work today!! And definitely contributing LiveCycle samples 
I think I hurt Grooveshark autoplay's head. It's jumping back and forth between video game/OST and hip-hop. 
@sw_inku Have you considered switching to Joomla or Wordpress?  Wayyy easier to integrate CSS/HTML design layouts or make changes 
Tired of fixing infected or broken Windows?  Ubuntu 9.04, the Jaunty Jackalope   http://www.ubuntu.com/getubuntu/download
Hey cool I can just use the MySQL &quot;REPLACE&quot; function. Makes sense! 
http://is.gd/yjP buddypress - social network software to watch 
@hossamelkady searching for the cheapest VPS for tests 
in school, wants to read Eclipse, 200-and-some-60 pages read 
Expected a Silverlight content on M$ Vine site http://www.vine.net/default.aspx ... they realized the reach of Flash LOL 
@thunderror U can play as ur avatar (1st person) *or* as his team member (3rd person). Battles implement real-time strategy. AoE style. 
Adobe After Effects and MS SQL Server...nice. would it be nicer if I just sleep? 
@grooveshark I'm having elevated error rates... StreamKeys not found, and then connection problems. Server migration isn't easy, huh  ?
@zekemurphy Webmail is your friend... 
Java Concurrency in Practice is probably the best Java book I've ever bought. There's a recipe in there for interrupting blocking IO ops 
@Reema226 http://twitpic.com/4grnh - The joy of discovering Linux. 
@Velf79 I hope so ^^ Eclipse is up and running again btw!  http://tinyurl.com/d792yd
Yay! I just fixed my blog's CSS problem that messed up the design 
Microsoft Announced Windows 7 Release Candidate. Download available tomorrow 
@fcharlton Seesmic Desktop seems pretty good. Nice find 
@nomand Use Wordpress instead! 
Wow...VirtualPC screen does not go black anymore in Win7 RC! Also, there's no NVidia driver crashing...I'm happy I did the upgrade 
is eating a delicious cheese-bread  (much batter than ANY  Bagle)
@robfindlay http://tinyurl.com/d4l3oe Desktop wallpaper like the inside of a monitor 
I am going to start using @1Password for fast access to m.twitter.com at school 
has britney spears  songs all over his Desktop now 
Updating to the latest version of Adium now. What a great app! 
Dear intertweet, plz 2 hack up a spotify plugin for Songbird. The SDK exists already. Just needs code 
Being involved in requirements and architecture is nice and all, but now I'm looking forward to writing some code! 
@HamzaZafar That's the problem. DNS isn't working  uTorrent and DestroyTwitter are working while everything else is down.
@mbrislane officially MOSS doesnt work on Vista  but unofficially its fine
@decryption That is awesome.. 
Reinstalled Ubuntu on my laptop, this time using ext4; the new filesystem. System boot time, from GRUB to full operability: 30 seconds 
@Dayteed cool! Linux? 
Working on your birthday isn't so bad when you get to work with Ruby on Rails 
Played D&amp;D on the bank holiday - was nice, got many XP  And killed a blob. Actually, two, though the 2nd had tentacles.
Liking the Windows 7 Release Candidate so far... (also liking my new video card and terabyte harddisk  )
Finally Ubuntu 9.04 arrived as a disc 
@codemonkeyism How about SUSE? 
Decided to boot Vista after a few months of hiatus... spent two hours updating, forgot the original reason for booting Vista... gave up 
167 SQL queries to display one single deal page on OzBargain. Looks like I'll have fun optimising it!  Bad bad Drupal...
TextMate crashed for the first time in 3 months. Not too bad actually  #textmate
@Twilightluver17 If you mean backround then.. Settings&gt;design.. scroll to the bottem and click change backround image  &amp; there ya go.
@nodgesoft pfft, cydia apps ftw, code on the phone, make, reload springboard 
Sidebar: the moon is SO beautiful 
is playing with Windows 7 RC 
Finished with my classes, time to start my summer project. Hint: it involves a Wordpress install and what I've been tweeting about lately 
@TrevorGoff WOO, I knew I could convert you to @UberTwitter  I think the UI is way more friendly compared to TinyTwitter.
@MSMyPhone I need a code 
@metodico &quot;organization ...ITIL, forget about people (and so they fail)&quot; preaching to the converted  IT is the people http://tr.im/kWUA
@soumen08 I know you won't keep a wild dog, or else you won't be able in the situation to use Mandriva in your life. 
Looks like I have a couple hours of software updates to install on the brand-new machine... feels just like Windows 
@jark It's not as bad if you don't combine. FX are nice. I like Windows 7 1000x better than Vista so far. To me Vista is Win ME reborn 
iPhone SDK &amp; I are going to become friends today. Even if it kills me 
Cleaned the screen on my new PC DOS machine and took another &quot;screenshot&quot;  http://bit.ly/QLzP2
@nikicheong try installing Twibble which is a Java based app that should work on most phones 
Huh @kaichanvong ? What's wrong with UNIX environment dev's ? 
Now, lets do funkey stuff, talking with magento, through xmlrpc with codeignite and output with amf (Zend) to flash 
@mokargas darn open source software and it's security holes 
@punnie I don't use it, but I heard that PowerShell is nice 
morning  football today! thinking of learning some Applescript 
I love how simple my Safari toolbar is!  http://twitpic.com/4wssc/full
Offline for now, I'll tweet again later... 
@emiug how is your coding going? 
just installed Windows 7 RC, so far no mushroom cloud yet. 
@Reemski Might be a while before I get around to it. Not sure if I will make it flat out in HTML or through WordPress. .. Fun fun fun 
Migrating a Sybase ASE SPARC Sun Solaris based into a Solaris x86 based. That should be fun 
flock, is the all in one browser, kereen!! 
@rubbishgroupie It does on the whole iPlayer system 
@iansummersgill I like Ubuntu on desktop, Debian on servers #myfavedistro  
@Int64M VirtualBox - ???? ??? 
@CliveJevons heh heh, not yet - I've only just got Vista! 
@cswtham Growl is a kind of notification thing. So, when someone starts chatting, a notification pops up on screen. It's fine to get 
With Seesmic Desktop, I'm Twittering more effectively. Highly Recommended   http://bit.ly/17fZzm
@winstonyw Bit shift operator? It's in Ruby, C, C++ and Java too and probably lots of other languages, especially the C-based ones 
@davidgilson RSS doesn't have to be web  there are like billion apps, widgets or whatever. I never liked email so RSS is bliss for me
@wimleers I remember having that epiphany  It gets even worse once you've experimented with Smalltalk/Squeak: http://bit.ly/VrvBt
@hitesh84 people like rasmus,, obviously their answers are either vi or emacs.  they don't use ide. I use Zend Studio or Aptana as IDE
@Ryoren Flash on my browser, no worries, it's fine now 
@NYGurumom always analyze with great software. 
@SorenBlackgaard And I think you meant to say, &quot;...to eclipse the Eclipse?&quot; 
@dicknieuwenhuis @euroced sure  - but instead of a RSS replacement for dg relex there should be more people twittering about relex issues
Guess who won best YQL Execute hack at #openhacklondon 
@jthake nobody says that you can't do it  it just 10 times harder and takes a lot of time  really little value to do this. #SharePoint
made a @PBworks wiki for a charity this weekend  feeling all &quot;yes we can!&quot;  see how to give some of your time @ http://www.serve.gov/
@TheBestDertEver which also, btw, worked with the konami code 
is looking for more people interested in helping out KDE Mexico and/or PC-BSD Mexico, please contact me 
waiting for unlock code 
@yonaa di Safari udah keliatan menu GreaseKit? coba reload userscripts trus reload fb 
@ sirpengi I will try, thanks! I was mad about the number of files Picasa for Windows was creating in every folder: I like tidy things. 
@dakicstudios Thanks for letting me know - I'm actually preparing a big update to the site, so will double check Safari 4 compatibility 
@meekgeek Host your own WordPress. 
@jthake you still not sure what to use SharePoint or plan ASP.NET?! ;) kidding?! 
Up and running on 64 bits - Windows 7 and Office 2010 - very fast indeed 
@MJihad but i'd love the code!  thanks!
AtomPub a failure ? No, just not as good as JSON  http://post.ly/WJd
downloading OpenOffice 3.1 for my pet Jaunty Jackalope 
Reloading Leopard 
@djmagazine A forthcoming plugin he has designed with his software company 
@kaitlyn531 lol Linux can be fun and useful at times. Just remember, when installing new programs, the sudo command is your friend 
@saraford McGuyver theme song? A-Team theme song? They all have a solution for everything. CodePlex has a project for everything 
Erlang factory 2009 videos and presentations are starting to appear http://bit.ly/Xw77c ...downloadining some to watch tonight 
Okey, @proctorlabs IOS version doesn't support EIGRP summaries at all (not advertised). Need to break the rules of the lab now 
.. and programming in Python and Ext.js as usual 
!Choqok ? users, goto here: http://2tu.us/f4b and nominate Choqok for sf.net &quot;Best New Project&quot; award winning  !KDE !Mandriva
At Staines (in trainers) sitting next to @Cali about to embark on the Ubuntu adventure 
starting to like Microsoft Excel more... my important plans are now in its pages 
@gayadesign How to install and use Mysql on a localhost developer machine? 
am having a beer to toast the turning off of Workspace R2..finally my job is done 
OpenSource Develover 
parallels and xp install for testing css browser issues 
@merak didn't microsoft go around and destroy any .NET1.0 code still living in the wild? 
lol, all developers are grazing 
Wondering, what's the best RSS Reader (something you prefer over google reader)? 
received: 1x Arduino Duemilanove, 2x XBee, let's connect them 
@pjeby It's funny - I'm writing my book this way as well. Recursive approximation works. 
@necolas MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@dropbox FYI: http://tinyurl.com/qnp5bm displays in the first few results in google search for - Online Storage for Linux  great product!
On lunch now, day going well  Having fun with #Moodle!
@podfeet MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@flywire MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@scottjbarr MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@muzocan MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@hotbitscafe MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
And on the verge of the vSphere GA release we are configuring a 3.5U4 cluster 
@MacOnestopshop MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@jymster MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@jamesus MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@akiranews MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@macwingnut MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
ad: Advertisement: how do you guys handle fax?  i want to receive them via email. no hassle. anyone tried MyFax?... http://ff.im/2SDK2
@debworks Congrats! It always feels so good to ship off those hefty applications. And then you wait. 
I'm aware of three separate projects to do a &quot;Pinax for Rails&quot;. Guys, just switch to Django 
@fsiyavud Prism has more appeal to me at the moment because it runs flawlessly in Linux. I am watching the Chromium development keenly 
@altimet hey bro..welcum to sunny island..btw, RIA 89.7 kept playing ur song -&quot;MIMPI&quot;..catchy beat but lyrics very &quot;mendalam&quot;..thumbs up 
@fantomaster SEO for Wolfram would be classified as Semantic Engagement Optimization 
@chrisschumann You're welcome. This is a tricky thing to do in Rails properly. If you have any better ideas, let me know. 
Just fixing the Composite WPF commands demo 
@PauloMoreira  hehee, wasn't thinking about programmers  
@shaznyc MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
Subversion is cool 
@spicyiphone MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@jashapiro MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@vernieman MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
Updated my background  And I begin to go back to my VPS desktop
#Opsview 3.0.4 working properly now 
CHROME browser hasn't crashed yet!!!  Isn't that amazing!!! 
@MatttLloyd You always call me a language snob, but it's you who's bashing me for liking Perl and using Java 
Gots me a copy of Windows7RC   lol
Updated several of my browsers.. Sunrise, SeaMonkey, etc. 
@MyNameIsJaxon Install Windows 7. It's win. 
Oh, and its built on WPF! Loving it.  
http://www.wolframalpha.com/ very cool new browser 
Anyone here familiar with OSX and VPN? Looking for a way for my laptop to 'be home' when I'm not! 
@CSSVT All except the I Vista 2 theme that I LOVE, it leaks like crazy! The BlackberryPro theme is available in beta for Bold, gonna try 
http://twitpic.com/5bxkj - I use it for Windows Sidebar, Steam, and TweetDeck. So Yes. 
@OpsCenter nice to hear someone who's had a good experience with Vista!  good for you! 
Listening to Bon Iver on Windows Vista Media Center in new apt... Sunday 
Just did some nerd tweaking, now rocking the Ubuntu network wide at 802.11n speeds - much better.  And yes, finally back online now.
And XP (SP3) is now formatting 
@jabcreations yeah i keep forgetting that.  I code using the XHTML standard. it was just a sample, geez 
@capitalized: be on my server on WoW! alterac mnts   
awesome to see mtrt taking up 300% CPU on carnage.  concurrent GCs are fun.   until, of course, it reveals a nasty crash!  d'oh!
Just set up Joomla to play around with it 
@marydotbox http://twitpic.com/5co4d - I fell 4 Java &amp; was H(o)(o)K'ed by the age of 5, don't worry, just check your colon ever 50 years 
Today , the victim is toshiba laptop  , Delete 160 GB + include Vista, and Installing Jaunty Jackalope 
@phz thx krub. Cocoa Programming for OS X by Aaron Hillegass is what I am reading in case u r wondering 
Rails is for simpletons like me 
server is again down...pelfusion will be back don't worry 
n00b question: &quot;where are the Administrative Tools on M$XP?&quot; 
@kneath and that's me being diplomatic about browser tech limitations.  
ohsnap, haven't been hurrrr in like, a day?! wow. XP it's late. . . &amp; i'm sleepy, but happy. 
BPM Nexus passes the 500 mark  www.bpmnexus.com  #bpm #process
@Mylonas QA-Engineer - Software Tester 
except I'm not re-organising RSS feeds I'm eating toast 
Thanks guys, so it's MarsEdit or the tumblr bookmarklet 
yay! SEO friendly URLs now sorted in Zen Cart 
@sanjay_ankur But the discussion on the Linux kernel mailing list does not seem to be stopping .... Lets see what else can be understood 
@RespectMileyC i thought you were already sleeping   XP
@flameeyes you should try Amarok 2 once, at least: then you would know there is no visualisazion 
@sunprawn I just signed up for Fanfou. User Name: Gwailo 
@binnyva Isnt Joomla the best CMS out there? It's complex yes, but amazing! 
Updating all the Perl modules on my workstation. Perl before swine flu, I say!  via @znmeb
@Cynngeries I`m glad that you liked it. I`ve always used linux. What is ur fav distro? 
@fromtheold is that like the sequel to Mathematica?  I like a lot of what that guy does.  Seems to be a bona fide genius 
had several epiphanies this weekend. No. 1: JSF is dead, Dojo is the future (as some people have been telling me for a while  )
Converting my Portfolio design to Wordpress! 
Hey, I'm writing vaguely successful CSS! 
@ahosgood nothing major, just a portfolio design with some nifty custom jQuery (sliders and such-like) that I hope to sell on ThemeForest 
So proud of my self &amp; dauhter we found the right church  Perl@
reading wildly about Linux kernel memory management, .... I am going mad ,.... 
thinks he may just have written a Test Server Detector in Visual Basic!  However, is not sure it works, but believes it does.
More Servlet Development on the Mac. Maybe some Scala 
@themadcatlady Thankfully Tabs is a more elderly stray who appreciates his creature comforts and voluntarily stays in. 
Oh! And the XHTML and CSS validate! weeeeeeeeee! 
@middle_aged_sub OOo what did you dine on ? I adore scallops and monkfish 
waw.. blogs.mu .. Beyond of the Wordpress.com 
@moked excellent format (with the timestamps). now THAT is listening to your customers 
Time for an OS-fest. Reinstalling OS X (About time for one anyway) then bootcamping Win7 RC. Should be fun 
If you have a Windows Mobile phone, download Twikini, it's awesome and super Mobile friendly.  Finally found one that works. Yayyy.
I just spent a day fixing UTF-8 ID3 tags on my Android phone... now to start on the work I'm supposed to be doing. 
@Samba87 http://twitpic.com/5ddso - wow great picture, you have really captured a special moment  xx
@Nelja It should do if it has Linux drivers 
Stuck Win 7 RC1 on my netbook, running nicely.  Battery life should be up a little too (Vista power mgmt was better than XPs so 7 is too?)
@diman_dnk Twitterfox, UnMHT, ScrapBook, NoScript, URL Fixer, AdBlock +, CHM Reader, Fast Dial, Fission, FlashGot, Save Complete, ... 
Worklow: Aptana --&gt; svncommit to Beanstalk --&gt; auto release to --&gt; staging server CMS --&gt; migrate to live site 
@Tojosan don't know why, but your blog kills my browser, sorry can't vote .. and I guess I could fire up Safari? 
can i just tell you how much i *love* FileZilla right now?  .. recursive chmod ftw!  
@quixoticblazes I like the new blog  very journalistic layout. added to my RSS reader ;)
@ericgillis it really does feel faster than XP - i'll give you that 
@simon_w we've looked at IETab for FFX - no go on OSX. We hear you on Safari as well 
Finished JavaScript debugging task  Now onto an algorithm for php - fun stuff
OK, my new web is just working. Optimize your HTML, CSS and JavaScript in a nice interface  . Enjoy it. www.acutr.com . Submit feedback!!!
I trying the framework CakePHP. Looks much simple than Zend framwork and more clear than Joomla... maybe the right choice 
@John_Papa your book is the best resource on WCF and Silverlight, good job.  
Todays coffee blend is roasted, back to CoreAudio, I need to get it right today 
@mozmrz Or a VPS like Neosurge http://www.neosurge.com/vps_hosting.php 
Drinking a strong cup of coffee and pondering the meaning of LIFFE ( u know what I mean Monty Python fans  )
Custom uberCMS via ASP.NET MVC and jQuery  Will post more details when it's a bit further along if anyone wants to know more.
wp 2.8 to be released shortly http://codex.wordpress.org/Version_2.8 few obvious but nice changes 
Wordpress is smiling at me 
http://bit.ly/13L9yW  WoW! I Love this project  Personas form Mozilla Labs For FireFox
I'm home alone!!!  But I gotta study!  Lets Git it!!
@JohanLindfors @rfolkes Hint #1) Week 19 - MSDN Newsletter about WCF, WF and Dublin. Week 21 - MSDN Newsletter about Oslo. 
Windows 7, Office 2010, Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server 2008 R2, Windows Server 2008 R2... I predict busy, but interesting year of 2010! 
anyone want to: &quot;Clarify, with examples, the difference in implementation of two aspects of CSS&quot;    go onnn!
3 days before a +2 student contacted me asking for help in Fedora. The discussion is still going on. I am asking him to use latest Fedora 
Free time ? idea to develop : a GWT app on google app engine using google vizualization api to graph amazon ec2 cloudwatch metrics 
@shadowice24 Hiragushi again?  do you still watch code geass? XD
Hudson Selenium Grid Plugin: http://bit.ly/UybPR  Seems almost too easy 
@josefnankivell by the looks of it it's VirtualBox, i have two guys who manage the servers for me  so i just have to request stuff! 
I want to be an actor so I can put Pidgin as an accent and second language on my resume. 
OMMM a month today until @maaaarit arrives  and a month tomorrow until @_SandBox and @Emmalii get here! EXCITED!!
@Jemm don't forget .NET 4.0 (well implied through VS2010), Hyper-V 2.0, SharePoint 2010, Exchange 2010.. so much goodness coming 
SMTP's problem on drupal fixed! by help of SMTP module. Thanks @marcOmatic  for an advice.  
@WindowsXP if that happened, xp would outgrow windows 7 
Gonna do a dual boot of Windows Vista and Windows 7 RC 
Finally got my FTP connection back  They had some problems with the server... So now I can finally create the new site for our band 
@rickyelqasem Better converting the wife then exchanging for a new wife with Vista pre-installed 
Configuring Ecipse +Jython... things are going to be interesting 
Amazon launches Elastic Load Balancing, Auto scaling and CloudWatch.Lets party  http://is.gd/AWaj http://is.gd/AWa9 http://is.gd/AV0d #ec2
I heart Midnight Commander. I still use it as my primary file manager on my FreeBSD machines and Macs 
@AlexanderVnEich Update to v8.x. That one is much better  check out iNotes
Just got invited to a job interview on a part time job as a .NET developer  hopeigetit hopeitgetit  hopeigetit hopeitgetit  hopeigetit hop
7 ppl on iChat...  but they're all on away :/
Just received my RubyMine OpenSource License for my translate_routes plugin  JetBrain has a blazing fast customer service!
@tmaes once you go Chrome you never go back ! 
@marcelekkel @jlojlo @lovince @dda I'm a product development, UX, business model kind of a girl 
Hacking on the #Scala IDE at EPFL ... deleting stuff is fun 
@_SandBox I can't wait! 
@RouteBuddy Congrats: OS maps in RouteBuddy will be the envy of non-Mac users I'm sure. Import track logs with alt matched to topo lines 
@merrillvalley could you send a screenshot of the bug on FF2/Linux please? 
Text Layout Framework Rocks ! start to create my own Buzzword app 
@lliswerryguy I would but you appear to be trying to reboot software 
@davorg ah bugger... sorry - forget that the rest of the world use something other than OSX 
@Stormen Ah, sweet. I haven't tried ASP.net, but i just despise PHP, it's horrible to code in. I just use Ruby/Rails, which is awesome! 
I ? American Ebay. So many Vista/XP codes. Lovely  Srsly, how stupid can you be?
@mrmwrites nope! the shortest #COBOL Code goes down to some where around 5 lines! 
@billythekid You need some ColdFusion  - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold_fusion
no internet on laptop, spent the last hour trying to fix it, ran hijack this, deleted a couple BHOs and now it's working = relief 
Moving SQL Databases around is fun work. You all should try it! 
Today - BGP and OSPF revision 
Guys, if yer using Firefox, I highly recommend downloading the Yoono add-on. It's cool. 
@littleluigi, wow. for wordpress? what plugin is that?  yay!
FileZilla FTP client's &quot;synchronised browsing&quot; feature is interesting 
@weddingroadtrip Curious, yes....I put it down to an insatiable appetite to know lots!  (Re:  20+ tabs open in Firefox)
@Trevelyan_Panda Genius, mildly tempted to return to Firefox from Chrome for the stability and add ons. There are some brilliant adds. 
The house can wait for a little bit...searching for CSS now 
Oh the joys that are backing up Blackboard - why can't it be as simple as Moodle 
@MikeOrmond ignore last tweet... vs2010 beta1 available on MSDN on 18/05   http://blogs.zdnet.com/microsoft/?p=2769
If anyone is in need a rather kick-ass Perl Developer, give me a shout - a friend is looking for work 
@mabster you're assuming there will be a beta 2 
The VirtualBox manual makes a lot more sense when the right version is installed 
In Computer Apps eating cereal  its really yummy
@tara MacStories 1st Contest: Win a copy of Mailplane, the app that brings Gmail to Mac. See details at macstories.net  
@onion2k shiny is nice...  I like shiny too.  I just hate Vista, with a mean passion!  
@davegraham It's there. Of course, you could just subscribe to the RSS feed and automatically get my insane ramblings. 
Developing for WordPress is so easy. 
@Quasimondo DropBox is great!! After a few months, I can't work without it 
@sensonize cool  - will check it out - am currently on Directi Servers, used to work there b4 sutra 
Trimmed a new CentOS 5 server down from ~600 packages to 184. Memory footprint reduced 90%, too 
@rexxars  I did some SMS dev in PHP today and it rocked.
@michaelmcclary definitely. When are you going to come and visit us? You bring Silverlight info we'll get the pasties ready 
@_SandBox Mhmmmm. And I was standing beside them and cheering on 
managed to run PPS on XP without MOSS 
@TheMacMommy Running Leopard, Ubuntu 7.04 and Ubuntu Studio 8.10. I recently set up my dads PC to dual boot XP &amp; Linux too.  having fun 
@TheLPFreak my pleasure  but there's a little prob! everything u download from itunes is locked and can not be played anywhere else lk WMP
#gr8conf &quot;smart configuration&quot; is basically replacing XML by groovy. FTW!  (via @oliverwi)
@sidx001 That's good to know. I'll have tech support, @Xildjian switch me to Windows 7 when he can find the time. 
@phuawl @mrsteel The correct typo for iTwinn is iTwin. This is what I saw: http://bit.ly/gtda4 &amp; http://bit.ly/KgL9X Apologize to all. 
@raicoon ich twitter auch in Adium! &lt;3 Ente 
@shanel Is that because the chair is stuck in a Java class? 
International Cross-Disciplinary Conference on Web Accessibility - Web accessibility for older user http://url.ie/1l0s PDF kosten was 
'what does a wise man do' or 'how to detect him'? he only installs LTS editions of Ubuntu 
@nickp1990 I've tried tweetdeck, but i don't really like any of the desktop clients :/ Just don't feel right 
@donalddotfarmer  Of course! They all flippin love Excel. I have high hopes for Gemini but SSRS still not on par with the &quot;big 3&quot; (IMHO).
@this_human_life Are you running WS_FTP Server or Client? What exactly are you having trouble with? I'll try to help out! 
@gzwizzle ya I have used AVG free tho and it works pretty good so I will prolly try it again thanks anyway 
i am is new user 
Lots of talk about DropBox today ... need to go check it out 
i am so into Eclipse  i feel like i am in the book lol   only a few more chapters until i am done!! 
EarCandy on Linux  http://bit.ly/ELQvW
Heh got my sister using a Linux liveCD on her school laptop till she can have it sent in or they give me a xp serial 
@flocker No worries, thanks for making such a handy browser. 
@jasonsalas &lt;Ctrl&gt;+ on that Chrome source code. Bob's yer Uncle 
@shanselman it even managed to stop Vista freaking out about activation somehow 
??? freeware ??? Opensource ??? ?????????  http://www.blognone.com/node/3558 ?????? @ripmilla freeware.in.th ???????????? 
@fecsx need a brain interface for that one 
@thelongmile Why not try a XAMPP. It's cross platform (Mac, Windows, Linux). Free and fast!  You're going to love it!
@joeswan82 WPF flame wars! 
@mohdrafie If you want the same app on Linux, go with LAMP. 
So glad I developed a test suite for the Amberdms Billing System SOAP API - makes it so easy to test after making code modifications 
http://beta.spezify.com/spezify.swf I`m loving it  and the way they show ur results is great, visual-strong
@dan99iel subscribe as in RSS by the way. 
Faster JPEG Encoding in FB10: http://snipr.com/ijhgu Thibault, you rock 
Morning all. Another glorious day of CSS coding, XHTML creating and wireframing. I love my job way too much 
@iandolphin24 switch to Linux: in open source lots of updates are a *good* thing 
@philbarker And my Ubuntu Netwbook is in the post 
Trojan Condom's is an ASP.NET shop. 
@edent @Alex_Manchester @mikehayes @brentoe: THANKS chaps! Shortlist is Vuze (nee Azureus), rTorrent &amp; uTorrent - will give them all a go 
@jtroyer I &lt;3 VMWare!    it is one of the best investments we've made at our company.
And again, codeplex web download doesn't work, i get server error. Luckily, for SVN  that isn't issue, it doesn't support &quot;server error&quot; 
@MSWindows That really is one of the most played ever but... my heart is with the good old Nibbles in DOS' qbasic! 
???????? ?????? ?? oAuth ? ???? ????? ??? ??????? ? ??? 
@Generator_IE CHeers for the recommendation! Appreciated 
The projector displays very well on my Ubuntu  #webcamp
Yeh! SO happy now. Chrome works on WIndows 7 x64 
going through Host Update Utility right now, think we can kick it off and go to sleep and wake up with ESX 4 
OOo fun, breaking in to the shower for the cleaner 
@michaelmuhney grats on your new job!  I've missed watching you since VM went off the air...
shares http://tinyurl.com/og4zn3 (Chrome 2.0)  http://plurk.com/p/vg5v5
I just wanna say that FileZilla rocks! If you don't like it... install it again and try to adjust the settings. I like it 
not just for the next beta but all #jailbreaks for betas  dw our private bundles will still appear @iHoZy
@arunsdivine: i dunno hw to explain  not software anyways...its a biomedical co...
@ianbroom true - we should list it. VPS.NET US is actually in the WestHost DC, so westhost.com/datacenter.html would apply 
- @raybooysen I knew Sharepoint was written by interns, I just knew it !! 
@jcollins002 i have no response to that.  i got Chrome and i love it. just need to figure out how to do it!
now twittering from google toolbar  niceee
An interesting proposition: Enabling SharePoint web services to support PUSH technology; my next project 
@stonewallers looking for a copywriter?who wishes he knew how to code in XHTML ? 
Easy and rapid Firefox extensions development with Jetpack : https://jetpack.mozillalabs.com/ 
I upgraded BrianAThomas.com, new look and finally a new version of WordPress... oh, and now twitter enhanced. 
Recommended @panacea81 to @MrTweet 'A really nice &amp; generous young woman whose made the art of makeup easier   ' http://cli.gs/baz2UX
@johnpoz woopra is really nice ! But i think the server load is gigantic? isn't it ? If you owned the google servers it would be perfect 
Upgraded my windows 7 Beta 2 to Windows 7 RC today!. Total install plus updates took 1.5 hrs! 
@nellymuz Ah, just noted that it must be your webshop  What functionality are you missing?
Just discovered that VNC works even over uni.lu's eduroam.. 
@jimmietryon Also, I'm an open source developer so It kind of makes sence to have at least a Linux partition on here. 
Loves his baby to death. But is having a really hot affair with Windows 7 right now. 
@pcmacsmackdown I wrote up how I created the transparent Dock in OSX right here: http://bit.ly/192HyZ  1337 sk!11z not needed 
switching desk to GNOME 2.24...finally 
Just had the update, but no differences? Security fix apparently, all Apps still work fine  #cupcake #andriod #update
Some serious coding with @roelven 
@cmdln !linuxoutlaws is 100% F/OSS. I record, edit, encode and tag it 100% on Linux with only F/OSS tools. I can mail you the details. 
@burakgursoy In theory it's all moving to Java and PHP. In practice... 
@madmanwoo Nope, we cover VB, VBA and ASP in this course. No C# for me for probably a while  I'm out to re-learn Python next.
&quot;SIP Trunking for the Big Guys&quot;-I dunno; it works for the smaller guys too  Why &quot;UC-enabling&quot; SIP Trunks is important- http://bit.ly/2xTQD
The Helm MODx auto installer is pretty neat, couple of issues but should be able to release it for customers this weekend 
The #SIGINT09 website is an awesome mod of the MediaWiki engine. The best part is that you might never realize.  http://is.gd/zSAV
@conorp em, how'd ya mean?  - Plesk vps? did you check the box beside www in Domains &gt; Domain.com &gt; domain administrator ?
@louicanchola Chip off the old Longhorn block 
Wearing Joomla user group (JUG) t-shirt ....    http://twitpic.com/5otxz
@Pistos Interesting comment. I didn't realize I was devaluing my career by contributing to OSS... 
@Nordalia I do a fair bit of work with PHP, JS and HTML/CSS as well. 
@TelecomTalk Safari set good examples for Maxthon. Today, u can say M3 looks like safari. Later, u may think safari look like Maxthon 3 
@nickdonnelly ahh, ok. I've been using Chrome for so long now I forget it's failings. 
@yangjinping Maxthon 3?alpha???????????????????????????????????????????bug??????????????????? 
The Java Skill group meeting is in 30 mins...then after were going to the testing meeting, and then to the 7th floor for &quot;networking&quot; 
@SEO_Web_Design wow, thanks for the #FF 
@PeopleBrowsr I't ok I understand  I love PeopleBrowsr. I don't know why it stopped working for me in Chrome. Works in Firefox.
Installing &quot;real&quot; software into Windows 7 now instead of games and multimedia programs. 
tested Moblin in my netbook... first impression... not so bad.. 
@toretore @cjno You really, really need to know HTML, CSS and (some) JavaScript if you want to be a good web designer as well. 
@roboticpenguin hi! thanks for blogging about the API. keep in touch if you have any more Q's 
@karlseguin jQuery is awesome 
http://twitpic.com/5oywn - Flash back of me as a blonde 
@enchantner &gt;&gt;????? ? Python!  ?????? ????? ???? ^__^
the v1.0 JavaScript Performance Rocks! launch is def delayed til sun/mon. sorry! but that means the price is still low  http://tr.im/jsr0x
Yesterday was all about getting Windows 7 set up, today is about Snow Leopard. Reinstalling all my Aperture plugins now. 
is nokia 5800 user friendly ?? let me know if it is. 
@brandonsavage not sure. maybe ZendCon, if my talk proposals get accepted 
@robsaker - well you know when I switch over to Vista using Bootcamp I get it 
@fvsch huhu, Symfony can do that sometimes too 
iTunes 8.2b7 (10) crashed every downloading 2 podcast. no multiple download. it's Beta anyway  *whaddaya expect*
@RooleyMoor LOL, fair enough, I'm going to petition a move to PHP, although that does mean doing everything from scratch, but that's fun 
Screw you OpenGL. Keypaths + cleverness saved me 
@rikerjoe If it's any consolation I do know of ONE person that's had no problems with Vista at all! 
@TheNotoriousJEN Emergency iChat meeting 2morrow before the game  If you not busy. . . No sick passes please jk
@ivyclark You have my sympathy  I once tried to skin Sharepoint to W3C standards and to use semantic mark-up. ASP just sucks for that.
@JeffQuestad I would use it to sync  @TextExpander snippets, if I had more than one computer. But signed up anyway.  All the cool kids...
@aeoth hehehe, but come on, a &quot;real&quot; potential use for XP mode 
calm i know time will be on mi side  VM &lt;3
Planning to convert my pages to PHP.  thanks to divergente.org for the tutorial!! weee! 
Android Apps might soon run natively on Ubuntu  http://bit.ly/HYyLG
Just wrote some pretty cool regex with @elizabethcb for a new project that @oscargodson and I are working on 
I hv this frnd who told me to remove Vista from her laptop, after I installed #Kubuntu 8.10 on her laptop  ....
@opusmarta Fortunately a standalone application 
has finished &quot;Sourcery&quot;. 
@Stealx thanks mate, i'd love it. I grit my teeth that i need to get a Vista cert  period 
@didjital73 aww, random phone calls/VMs are the best. 
@jthake oh man, it's so obvious. SharePoint Dundee mate!  i know, i know, totally lame
Installed Windows 7 RC. Finally. 
XP I'm so desperate to get free stuff. 
@shubhashish hahah. There are endless list of options that your Admin will have to spend days blocking them 
Congratulations to sarugo/memorybox for winning best startup at the iAwards, but JIRA still wins the best tools category 
@AJSpindle Why would you install Vista? Vista's gross. Install 7. 
Any one at JavaOne? (I am not though  )
Geeze I thought I was all alone on here!  Reset my API wrong....lol no friends at all!..........................    fixed it!  .... 
Google Wave introduction video reminds me &quot;Extreme GUI makeover&quot; taken to the extreme...  http://tinyurl.com/l5c5tc
..Just installed 'TwitterBar' FireFox Extension .. still getting used to it .. but is is a gr8 add on  
feels the need...the need for speed. But why does it have to still involve Fortran 77?!? 
on the phone with the halo, we're bout to iChat, this should be exciting 
When I think of Fuzzball, I think of Hulu Desktop  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
@asolomon15 yes, but to do the same thing with cURL it's like 4 times as long. I was thinking cURL was the only way to get http headers 
@CarriBugbee you have a bright future as a software QA if this social media thing doesn't work out for you 
@heartstation Lightsource #Wordpress theme by #elegantthemes somehow reminds me of @bryanveloso's Avalonstar 
@CarriBugbee well ... the software QA thing didn't work out for me so I switched to social media ... it's like looking in a mirror 
@tom_e_white http://my.safaribooksonline.com/9780596521974 -- congrats on getting out the Hadoop book (esp the ZooKeeper chapter  )
@mcorlan cool plugin 
@maxlemesh ?, ?????? Postbox ?????? ?????. ?????? ?????? ? ??????? ??????????  ?? ? ??????? ??????? ???????????, ??????  ? ?.?. ??????
Morning~ Pretty sunny today. Installing the new Vocaloid, Megurine Luka! 
Giving a thumbs up for Windows 7 RC0 
I advise everyone to go away this weekend - try: http://bit.ly/12ikdR or  http://bit.ly/26XP5 I promise to keep things running 
So after the CIBAI fiasco now Microsoft comes up with a lame BING? C'mon guys you could do better! CIBAI FTW! 
@daagaak it doesn't do much besides look good  I have faith though as CSS edit is so good.
WOW! #MODx Revolution 2.0 Beta 1 is out.. Starting the install right now on a Windows server 
@geekyjohn jQuery.clostest() and jQuery.next() are my life-saver 
Finally figured out a config bug that allowed Tomcat Manager to hide from me. No more widget outages, @ryanniemeyer! (well, far *fewer*) 
Really looking forward to #openspacecode tomorrow - Be great to get a chance to play with Git, should be lots of learning! 
@jarneil dammit. of course I meant Safari4 
@jasonboche: I already added them, thanks for the feedback! Where would I be without my precious VMware community 
@Vinko It was targeting the bottom end of the market - so a cheap white plastic shell &amp; immature Android seemed like a good fit 
Ah, mornings. Having a coffee, a shower and an SMC-Firmware-Update to wake up. 
Killer way to punish your developers - tell them to write something in PHP  If they've been extra bad.... ASP
@docwho76 Never mind, Beta easy to join  I will delete it if it spams twitter though, I talk enough already 
@viirak i think it's more related to Ubuntu 
time to install Windows 7 RC . BRB 
@filjedi hahaha. will be there to be with the Project Vector team (hopefully) at the Java.net pod.  Definitely meeting the #zembly folks!
@shukumei9898 I use WordPress for my website. 
Fixing bug in CXF/DOSGi client-side proxies. The equals() method was sent to the other side as well - oops 
, the Refactoring book has arrived. That's the weekend weightlifting sorted 
@nareejo If it's easier for U, U can send me 110 * 150 = 16,500PHP first. The 110 * 25 = 2,750 PHP can come later. 
@fihu Thanks!!! Now I gotta it! Winamp works again! 
@skonnard using a pizza delivery example in his 'dublin' session at #devdays. I have a SketchFlow UI for this from my session yesterday! 
A former labmate said when he thinks of grumpy postdocs, he thinks of me. Note to self: fewer tweets about Matlab, more about sunshine. 
Working with Flash all day today. Always a pleasure 
Downloading the Swedish language pack for Windows 7 
@aheritier Thanks for fixing the Maven Eclipse plugin so it can work with Wicket again 
@notxonhoj did you see the UI for Wave? Seriously, it will upset you and make you all antsy. 
