Most common words for this cluster:
[('woke', 440), ('morning', 44), ('today', 41), ('am', 40), ('headache', 31), ('day', 25), ('night', 22), ('work', 20), ('hour', 14), ('sick', 14), ('throat', 13), ('amp', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Woke', 0.9999682307243347), (u'woke', 0.6041547656059265), (u'Waking', 0.554223895072937), (u'mornin', 0.537481963634491), (u'waking', 0.4965978264808655), (u'WOKE', 0.4923032820224762), (u'chattin', 0.48583999276161194), (u'Argh', 0.48270025849342346), (u"Must've", 0.48101145029067993), (u'Phew', 0.4803186058998108)]





Woke up to the sound of scraping frost off of a car windshield  work, then 4 page play review....oh today is not looking fun
Woke up with a migraine  today can't even put contacts in its so bad. Wish I could call into work but can't hope the babies are not fussy 
Woke up late today  by about an hour lol. But I am at school now ready to do some portfolio.
Woke up waay too late this morning-make that afternoon 
Woke up, I think my allergies are starting up 
Woke up with a stomachache   Hopefully it goes away soon!
Woke up early to see a safety car race 
Wow neighbor to my right is blasting 300. Woke me up. 
Woke up at 2 am with an allergic reaction to to some over the counter medicine...can't get back to sleep. 
Woke up to a headache 
Woke up late  dnt think i will make it to sunday school...but last nite was amazin  i gotta t shirt 
Woke up and could breathe out of my nose until the sneeze fest started...ugh 
Woke up to a cut that is now infected on my hand, can't make a fist...don't want to go to the doctor 
Woke up with a sore throat 
Woke up at 7am and I have to get ready for school now  I've gotten used to waking up at10 am LOL
Woke up from a dream and remembered...   
Woke up with the worst headache ever! I'm told it could have been a migrain seeing as I was sick  feeling slot better now though http: ...
Woke up with the headache of the century 
Woke up this morning still asleep...sitting at my work desk kills me when im tired! 
Woke up to a rainy, yucky day and a migraine 
No shorts to day   blame my fuckin mum. She's pissed me off. Woke m up 45 mins before I have to be at college. 
Woke up with a tummy ache...ugh 
urg.  Woke up really early andf am now totally dothery (if that's a word) 
Woke up with the driest mouth ever. Feels like the beer monkey has done his business in it. 
Woke up early this morning (unusual when I don't have to work), and I don't seem to have any plans for this morning. Makes me sad 
Woke up at 8 cos nausea is so bad. 
Woke up to cat chewing the paint of my brand new bedstead.  
Woke up this morning with huge chills and just went and threw up 
Woke up with a really bad stomach ache.  now I'm just sitting up in bed..wishing I could lay down w/out being in pain.
Woke up early when B left for work, can't get back to sleep  Why is it so much easier to get up on Saturdays??
Woke up to a leaky water bed 
Woke up with my face swollen  it fucking hurts. Wheres a fucking dentist!?!  ouch
Morning twitters! Woke up sick 
Woke up with sniffles this morning 
So so sooooo tired. Woke up at 6:30 today 
Woke up about an hour ago. I'm really bored! 
Woke up early this morning to the sound of rain,  oh well, nevermind another day down. 5 left now!!
Woke up feelin extremely happy after last night, then realised ive got such painful blisters  lol
Woke up 10 times during my sleep because of the stupid cough I have!! Loosing my voice  its so bad!
Woke up mad early and couldn't even sleep last night cuz it was too early 
Woke up late today. :| No one's home. 
Woke up with a serious headache. Feels like someones pounding my head against cement bricks, and that's only a slight exaggeration. 
Woke up at 645 on a sunday. No fair  ew to work.
Woke up to the 'sweet' smell of septic tank waste thanks to a thunderstorm that knocked out the power and confused the system... yum. 
Woke up to the sounds of natures call 
Woke up thinking even today is a holiday  long weekends are a blessing and a curse too 
not a good day. Woke up a few hours before and puked... 
Woke up tooo early cause I slept on one arm which got numb. Now it aches and I can't sleep 
Woke up 55 minutes ago | have to go to school soon 
Gmorning Twitters!  Woke up with a head cold.   The beauty of daylight is killing me right now.. Pankcakes w/turkey bacon n potatoes. mmm
Woke up at 4 am ot have an international call BUT no audio on the other side 
Woke up at 0530 after another night without much sleep. Looks like I won't make it back to hackday. 
Woke up at like 6am due to my mighty rug burned elbow scratching the sheets too much  what a sucky night of sl... - http://bkite.com/07kBj
Woke up not able to breath, no voice, coughing to death. I'm in so much pain. 
Woke up so happy now i'm lonely 
Woke the wife up for breakfast, but she was too sleepy to eat. 
Woke up late,which means no church today. 
@ktalarczyk I had a dreadm about aliens also!!! They were nice though. and a dream I got punched in the face!! Woke me up scared. 
Woke up and my baby wasn't here  This sucks
Woke up at 3am with my head still banging  off to work now so will just have to take lots of painkillers and drink pints of water!!
Not a happy bunny this morning. Woke up at 3:30am and couldn't go back to sleep. 
@mmmBrie @repressd Woke up from sound sleep and can't seem to find my way back to it.  
Woke up this morning screaming from one of the most intense nightmares I have had in years. 
Woke to the sound of some crap electronic durge coming from next door, who ever it can be described as music is beyond me! 
Woke up an hour ago, &amp; still can't go back 2 sleep... 
Woke up and my dad still isn't home which means no ride to school for a while and im feeling really sick again...  
Woke up late  driving to school
Woke up late today..did not have time to run so it looks like I have to take the day off from it today. Just no time 
Woke up feeling rough w/ a chesty cough, and sore throat  damn 
Woke up to the dogs barking and now cant go back to sleep.. 
Woke up early . stupid sun  
There's thid dancing pancake outside of ihoppp. Woke up latee  driving to lb for posc shit
Woke up to a dead gaming desktop.  I hope it's only a dead power supply.  I won't be able to afford to replace everything... 
Woke up very hungry because I had no tea last night! 
Woke up with a start after less than 5 hours kip 
Woke myself up a hour early  I gotta stop doing this http://myloc.me/15vi
Woke up with an aching back! I need a massage 
Woke up late, [thanks a lot weird dreams!] no time for breakfast  so houngry
Woke up early to download new divide. But no new divide  CHESTER!!!!!!!!!
Woke up and feel like hurling. No school for me today 
Woke up and my knee was throbbing... This can't be good 
Woke up this morning, headache THIS big! 
Woke up at 8 ... That does not count as a long lie  may go back to sleep but it's so nice outside
I took a nap w makeup on. Woke up w swollen lids!!! Nvr again. Allergies out of control...getting meds tmw 
Woke up but i can't find the shirt i wanted to wear today  =^-^= mow
Woke up at 4 
Woke up at 5:40 to take a shower before the water turned off at 6am.  The water was still on when I left at 7:15.  
Morning Twitheads. Woke up feeling alil sick...  
Woke up at 5am after ages  wanna sleep but stoooopid work  i'll see my bed after almost14-15 hours, wanna sleep badly! 
Woke up with a headache  time to get ready for work!
Woke up way to early....time change is being mean to me 
Woke up feelin' lonely... 
Woke up this morning to loud retching noises, poor dh had the dry heaves. He's been feeling extra crappy the last couple of days.  
Woke up with a bad headache 
Woke up with a head cold! sniff cough &quot;sighs&quot; 
Woke up in the middle of the night with nightmares! 
Woke up and there was sun! And then it started to rain 
Woke up at 8:30am....now 10:30am and no clue what to do....? 
Woke up from aspirating some stomach acid. I'm praying that I dont acid reflux  and that it was a one time thing
Woke up to the sound of my neighbor getting a new roof 
Woke up, took a shower... Now time to work all night. 
Woke up missing R.  ohhh...! This isn't right!! But I miss him so much now.
Eurgh is there any need in the world for midgies if not they should be wiped out haha! Woke up to find loads of bites, im now very itchy 
Woke up at 6am 
Woke up with a headache 
Woke up because my edward poster fell on me...can't get back to sleep 
Woke up this morning and realized we are out of beans  grumpy now.
Woke up still drunk from last night and w/ heartburn for the 4th x eva. 
Woke up pretty hungover 
Woke up with a sore throat. The more awake I get, the shittier I feel. I haven't been sick in a while. 
Woke up on the wrong side of bed! 
Woke up early on a saturday  but finally doing auditions
Woke up wanting pancakes. Cannot has. 
Woke up too late to ride my scooter 
Woke up today and my leg hurt so badly. I really messed it up swimming yesterday 
Woke up late again.   Another strange dream last night - I was living in a video game and we were cheating to make life easy.
Blehh.. Woke up in a shitty mood 
Woke up drowning in mucus. Much more of this and I will wish not not wake up at all. 
Just laying on my couch. Woke up feel ing like poo had to miss my acting class 
Woke up, and my treo was gone!  hahahaha
Woke up with a really bad headache 
Woke up and my tumtum hurts now too.   so so very lame.
Goood morning internet...This is early for me  Woke up and went straight on my laptop...
Woke up with sore throat, cough and dizzy 
Woke up suddenly with bad vertigo. 
Woke up about an hour ago,@Renderss stayed at mine last nite and she is still asleep haha,got work later on, a nice day too 
Woke up and thought it was night 
Woke up far too late, insha'Allah 
Woke up with a very sore back still..not sure how I'm going to get through this pain...owwie 
Woke up with major pain in my right hand - no clue where it's coming from, but it's no fun 
Woke up today and realized she's not a pirate anymore 
Woke up early on a sunday for dance 
Woke up with a sore throat and coughing, this sucks 
Woke up not feeling so well today. I hope I'm not getting sick.  need to grab some vitamins!
Woke up waaay too late for church today and I really do feel bad about it... I really do 
Woke up to a bad news , my aunt is in the hospital with brain damage... I hope she will fully recover 
Woke up at 10 and had breakfast, today's really cloudy again 
Woke up at 3pm and went for my morning bagel and coffee - after traversing murray hill, I learned that breakfast ended long ago 
Just got home, fell asleep at C's after work. Woke up when @rhyswynne text me and realised I'd to come home 
Morning tweeps! Woke up and getting ready for one of my fav thing in the world: hotel's breakfast.. Really miss bfc and my crazy partner 
Woke up, can't sleep, want to read ... but have to be up at 6  What to do?! I'm hating this working thing already ... haha
Woke up an hour ago and won't be able to sleep now. 
Woke up with a headache today... Not a good sign. 
Woke up and cant get back to sleep 
Woke up and can't go back to sleep even though I'm really tired. Lol And in a slightly bad mood. 
Woke up with a pounding migraine. 
Woke up sick   I guess I'm staying in.. and going back to bed!
Woke up with a sore throat. I can't talk! 
Woke up to a bee, butterfly, and spider with a spiderweb in my car. And didn't notice till I started driving 
Woke up, killer soar throat  It hurts soo bad, i need some tea.
Woke up feeling kind of sick.  cough, sniff sniff.
Woke up to aunt euleth asking me to prepare to talk at victor's funeral and to make a slide show. I can't believe it's really happening. 
Woke up not feeling so good. 
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed . . sorry i shouted at u  mwa
Woke up with really bad hiccups 
Woke up from a horrible dream which made me worry about the future 
Woke up at 6am with a temp of 101.4     I'll be damned if I let the sickness continue to the weekend!
Woke up late 
Woke up tired as hell...only got 4 hours sleep...and thats after 2 hrs in the gym and 2 hrs in the pool...now I'm at work 
Woke up late n have a headake 
Woke up @ 5 today  toooooo early
Woke up with a killer cold. The climate change is killing me 
Woke up coughing. 
Woke up late 
Woke up with crazy nausea for no reason. I made porridge last night to eat today, but thinking about it makes me wanna yak 
Woke up this morning , feeling the feelings I hate  sigh .
Woke up and can't go 2 bed now 
Woke up early 
Woke up sick 
Wow, overslept by about an hour and a half. Woke up still feeling sick too. 
Woke up with a runny nose 
Woke up today with upset stomach......think I had to many cherry whiskey cokes last night. 
Woke up with another migrane. I tried shaking it off and getting up anyway...not a good idea. So now I'm in bed in pain. 
Woke up with a cold!  
Woke up at 5:30 but then fell back asleep til 9:00   I love mornings!!
Woke up late 
Woke up to a charley horse in my right leg. 
I just had one of the worst nightmares ever in the history of nightmares. Woke up paralyzed &amp;  w/ a panic attack 
Woke up to roaring thunder and rain. It scared me 
Woke up from a nightmare about data collection to huge amounts of remorse over the measures I took to kill tons of snails last night.  !!!
Woke up with a fever  Waaaa
Woke up craving some cereal only to find that there was no milk   http://yfrog.com/5cqqlj
Woke up with a cold! 
Woke up early again 
Woke up at 10:30, had breakfast, and starting laundry. Hhhmmp, don't want to close tonight. 
Woke up today at 10. I feel so hungry now!  I didn't eat lunch yet.
Woke up with a major case of heartburn 
read hints on 206cc forum last night on how to fix my roof issue Woke up excited to try out but its raining really hard 
Woke up with phlegm in my throat. That's not a good sign! 
Woke up late.. 
Woke up too early this morning  not good..
Woke up at 6am on a non-work and non-skydiving day ... how bad is that? 
Woke up in the middle of no where 
Woke up in the middle of the night, it's 4:30 in the morning 
Woke up without the sun beaming through my blinds but to the sound of rain. I miss the sun already 
Woke up at 1:00am and haven't been able to go back to sleep. 
Woke up..very long lie, better get out my bed 
Woke up &amp; blkbry deleted all my txts &amp; emails  don't even kno if my ppl hit me up or not ah well
Woke up about an hour ago for no reason.. so much for sleeping in today 
Woke with a cold - wine tasting festival tomorrow. No &quot;bouquets&quot; for me. 
Woke up sad 
Woke up with raw lips, still clogged ears and nose and an awful sore throat. When will this go away??!! 
Woke up with a really sore neck. 
Woke up with splitting headache...ugh. 
Woke up with an awful awful headache. 
Woke up with a lot of shoulder pain. 10 more days 'til I see the doctor. 
Woke up to my mom crying i don't know wat to do.   .yukie. &lt;3
Woke up without a hangover   ...... And now gotta put up with the family. Two hours and itll all be over with......
Woke up soooo ill this morning... on show day! 
Woke up at 8am. thought &quot;should get washing off line now&quot; but went to bed instead. Now it's raining. I&quot;ll hafta borrow ma's dryer now. 
Woke up sick  looks like no plastic for me tonight   
Woke up hung over at 5am, played cricket semis at 6am... OOOOOOPS...lost the match  filled stomach with 6 idlies..  laid down in bed now.
Woke up to rain. not good....looks like the pink will be covered for a while  http://twitpic.com/6td1y
Woke up and feeling sick. 
Woke up to find freezer beepin &amp; everything just about defrosted...  
Woke up with a sore throat and a runny nose this morning. Why always just as I go on vacation? 
Woke up at 2am with a thumping headache which sill hasn't gone away!!! 
Woke up at 2 am took a bath now I am starving  lame
Woke up dreaming of chewy strawberry sweets, but have none 
Woke up too early again 
Woke up with my left ear blocked, bleh! 
Woke up not feelin well 
Woke up to pain 
Woke up at 8 dammit 
Woke up sick 
Woke up at 1 - finally on an approptiate sleeping schedule. Too  bad we leave in 2 days. 
Showertime. I really need to get on a regular schedule.  Woke up at 17:30 or so again.
Woke up with a killer of a headache ouchie 
Woke at 1am my youngest boy throwing up &amp; it's been consistent since - a great start to a week off, hope it doesn't do the rounds 
Woke up at 2:30pm. Not even midnight and I'm already yawning. 
Woke at 7 this morning, crazy early time to wake up for me. Couldn't get back to sleep. 
Woke up on some bad news, now I'm depressed n just going back to sleep 
Woke up at 11am!! got all my sleep out not like i need 2 get up in a hurry - no car 
Woke up sick  argh....won't be going to work today.
Woke up too early this morning  I'll pay for this later
Exhaused. Woke up can't get back to sleep 
Morning. Coulndt sleep last night. Woke up with a really bad stomach ache. 
Woke up about 10 minutes ago...i've already sneezed 13 times...i've counted 
Woke up to blaring music and can't go back to sleep 
Woke up but body is very sore  tired!!! #squarespace
Woke up with a cold 
Woke up this morning to the sounds of lil miss throwing up in her crib 
Woke up w/a crazy headache &amp; I wasn't even partyin last nite 
Woke up feeling sore all over from that four wheeler yesterday 
Woke up with a fever  damn.
went to sleep with a migraine.  Woke up with a migraine. It's gonna be a good day tater. 
Woke up at 1:30pm today 
Woke up at 5:55 with a fever of 101, took a bath and have spent the morning rolling around my bed clutching my head. At 100 right now. 
Woke up @12 &amp; I'm still tired 
Woke up on my day off. dsnt wanna cook dinner tonight but will have to  although im looking forward to my spa bath. yay!
How loud does the rain want to be? Woke me up 
Woke up kinda depressed and sad 
Woke up wit a headache   had'a take my hair down.  lol
Woke up at the wrong side of the bed today 
Woke up with an ache in my heart  not too sure why!?
Woke up to swollen puffy eyes 
I hate being the pushing bag.. Woke up early for nothing... great way to start the day... 
Woke up with a headache. 
Woke up too damn early. No hope of hitting the snooze button due to unexpected family visitors. Have to entertain in my pajamas.  
I feel sick  Woke up at 3am and couldn't get back to sleep
@jen004 I hear u! Woke up not long ago &amp; cannot get back 
Woke up with a headache, looks like today isn't gonna be a good one either 
Woke up worse than before.     thinking about going to walmart for some medicine and pick up LVaTT while I'm there.......
Woke up on time just had to clean my room before I left so running late  work then gym
Woke up with my back aching 
Woke up to no internets in the house 
Woke up with a headache 
Woke up with no appetite (food ugh), hurty head, hurts to blink, and hot flashes.  I wish today was my day off and not tmrw. 
Woke up in a bad headspace this morning. 
Woke up with a bruise on my chin and have no clue where it came from..maybe frm when I hit myself in the face with a hanger 2days ago?? 
Woke up this morning with no more sickiness!!! But I still have a horrible cough 
Woke up with a very bad headache. 
Woke up from a good long sleep... But still stuffed up. 
Woke up to a storm.....greeeeaaaattt 
Woke up so dang early for work. Wish I could be there for the last day of school 
Woke up an hour later than intended.  On the other hand, slow day at work.
Woke up with a headache.. How crappy is that?! 
Woke up feeling sick so i went to the doctor...i have a virus and my white blood cell count is really low 
Woke up at 5am  so unfair
Woke up with sore throat &amp; sniffles, argh 
@dmeeno Woke up and couldn't get back to sleep 
Woke up at 5am today, haven't been able to go back to sleep 
Woke up at 4:00am this morning by bird chorus and could only muster thoughts of self pity 
Woke up with a headache 
Woke up to a landlord demanding this rent, haha just kidding he is cool but he did make me broke. 
Woke up---- so sleepppyy 
Woke up early for the iphone 3 update. Of course it won't be released until later this afternoon. 
Woke up early 2 leave  am barely awake but starbucks is helping...i will marry the man who invented frappacinnos
Woke up at 5am  now dentist. When will I get sleep!!!???
Woke up early for a job interview. errrrrrrr....... 
Woke up to feed the cats and now can't get back to sleep. 
i really wanted 2 go 2 ....  Woke up @ 5am 2 get my day goin,aye but i just always gotta put my son  first,sowwie Lakers no parade 4me 
Woke up bright and early to do what....shiiiitttt smh at what has happened to me gotta change up alot of shit cause this just aint me 
Woke up with a sore throat.  I'm fighting something. We'll see tomorrow morning whether it goes full-blown.
Woke up sick!!  maybe ben and jerry can colsole me.
Woke up like half hour ago, got work in a bit 
@jordanknight  funnily enough thats how I roll too - oh oh TINK ........Woke up, back to my push bike 
the problem with sleeping with the window's open? Something is in the woods alternately screaching and cooing. Woke me up 
Woke up with a bellyache 
Woke up later than expected.  I'm sad.
Woke up in a coughing fit. This is no fun. 
Woke up to thunderstorm  gonna be a bad day.
Woke up to study. I hate my life 
Woke up like an hour agooo. and my body won't let me go back to bed 
Woke up at 6am what to do...Usually get on sp if bored but its no working 
Woke up with my head hurting 
Woke up with a sore throat and a runny/stuffy nose  annoying
Woke up from a night of nightmares and kicking myself in the butt for drinking coffee and milktea at the restaurant at 10pm. 
Woke up earlier than I wanted to on my day off 
Woke up from a very sad dream. It stressed me up again. Why oh why do I have to have these dreams. 
Woke up, and continue working on the final project slideshow  #bgukm2009
Woke up to a soaked carpet and non-working TV...I think it rained last night 
Woke up becos my phone rings, then tried to sleep again but the room that I slept in has to be checked out&amp;the next visitors has arrived 
Woke up with sore throat  don't want to go in today but I have to.
Woke up late 
Woke up early as fuck 
Woke up feeling a lot worse than I did when I went to sleep 
Woke up with a terrible headache  At least I didn't go to school 
Woke up at 2 am 
Woke up at 345  they made me stand at attention for an hour cuz my squadron is a bunch of jackasses.
Woke up half an hour late and broke a full length mirror. I can predict today is going to be such a good day. 
Woke up early and cant fall back asleep 
Woke up an hour ago and now time to geting ready for work at 3  soo can't wait for my week off in 2weeks
Morning workout was a no-go. Woke up with a massive headache. 
Woke up &amp; oh how my neck is sore!! I can't even turn it to left! I am not happy about this!   maybe if I use a heating pad it loosen up...
Woke up and started puking  ima be sick again today guysss
Woke up late and parched this morning  shouldn't have had those margaritas last night.
Woke up to no jailbreak  
Woke up to water dripping from my ceiling in my bathroom 
Woke up at 5:40 why am i up so early! 
Woke up with a cold just in time for the weekend 
Woke up at 10 thinking, &quot;surely this virus is on it's way out!&quot; But nooooo, it's still there! 
Woke up to being in trouble... 
Woke up late 
Woke up watching weddings.....great way to start my day 
@pcclose The night's sleep was anything but normal.   Woke up several times, and had to be very careful turning over to avoid cable mess.
tried to take a nap, dreamt that I was sinking in quicksand. Woke up and now I can't sleep.  pin:207ce45c
Woke up at 12:30 am with a pounding headache. Not cool 
waaah!!! Woke up pure early, aw man  
Woke up with a headache 
Woke up with a huge insect bite on my face  anyone know how to get rid of it?
Woke up so early  im ill.
Woke up feeling really ill   what a good start to the weekend...... 
Woke up feeling really dow this morning,  not liking it. I like feeling up beat ... even little boots isnt helping
Woke up feeling really down this morning,  not liking it. I like feeling up beat ... even little boots isnt helping
Woke up with uncontrollable shivers and a 102.1 fever  goin' to the doctor's...
Woke up mad early this morning to take my fam to the airport. The crib's gonna feel reeeal empty 
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning  totally not in the mood...
Oh my.  Woke up with theeee illest headache  oh well at least I looked cute!   http://twitpic.com/7w8fx
Woke up to rain. It appears my intro to frisbee golf may be delayed. Thanks mother nature 
Woke up to rain, now I HAVE to do my inside work 
@Jessieee no, but quite possibly one of the funniest ever. Woke wanting to write it down and couldn't remember any of it 
Woke up a little late  about to get ready for work..
Woke up with my tonsils touching my uvula. Its like an orgy in my mouth and I don't like it. 
Woke up about ten minutes ago and i am thinking about cutting my right leg off with the nearest knife it hurts soOoOo bad  WTF did i do?
I am cranky!  Woke up cold &amp; my neck is sore from unplanned snooze! 
Woke up with someone next to me 
Woke up feeling miserably sick 
Woke up to discover that its raining... 
Woke up with a cold 
Woke up 15 mins before work starts. 
Woke up unable to speak - lost my voice 
Woke up to a sore throat, eeeeeeek 
Woke up at 7am this morning... fell back to sleep around 9am and didn't wake back up until 2:30pm.  I hate wasting Saturdays 
Woke up to 73 tweets on my phone. Wow. I don't wana get up cus i got my speech to write 
Woke up outta my sleep! Ahhh I hate when I wake up in the middle of the night! I'm feelin extra lonely in it right bout now! 
Woke up late, craving burgers 
Woke up this morning to find the tumble dryer is broken 
Woke up too early 
Woke up to every light in the condo. Thanks, guys, for making me sleep in the living room, and then turning on all the lights. 
Woke up with a headache 
Woke up to sad songs.. 
Trying to keep my eyes open. Woke just before 2am, couldn't get back to sleep until gone 6am... woken by the baby at 7am 
Woke up at 7 but realized that I don't need to get up till 7:45 so I tried to go back to sleep, but I just cannn't!  oh well, I'm up and
Woke up today really missing my friends from stockholm    -s
Woke up crying 
Woke up with a blocked nose and a sore throat.. Not fun 
Woke up this morning and my legs decided they wanted to stay in bed, so i ended up getting to work at 9 instead of the usual 7 
Woke up to no electricity today's gonna be great... 
Woke up this morning and was sad that i was alone.  
Woke up with a bad headache 
Woke up with a massive headache 
Woke up feeling crummy and exhausted again. I am not liking this pattern. 
Woke up horribly. Headaches. 
Woke up later Than usual today... Jogged under the sun with tiara.. Boos 
Woke up to the worst unknown feeling ever  - http://tweet.sg
Woke up way to early 
Woke up and now can't sleep. 
Woke up to buy the fray tickets but may not be able to fall back asleep! It's 4:45am!!  ...morning run? ..no.
Woke up at 5, now I can't get back to sleep... 
So I've been sleeping. Woke up. All sad. I'm scared @BenWay08 will dump me cus I'm moody as all hell 
Woke up late today  now I only have about 3 hours before work....
Woke up early 
Woke up late.......alarm clock died last night.  
Woke up with the worst headache 
Woke up this morning don't believe what I saw...A hundred million bottles washed up on the shore!!! 
Woke up early and went to work and i wasnt even on the schedule so im headed baaack to sleep  today is going to be a good day!
Woke up at 6 a.m., put food in the slow cooker, went to the gym, hung out with my peeps, now I'm ready for a nap, then visit again later 
Woke up next to my gorgeous boyfriend  can't wait to spend the day with him 
Woke up cuz of my fever I guess I had maybe 5 hours feelin good counted my chickens too soon need sleep need 2 feel better need a slurpee 
Woke up!  Helloooooooo, what's up?  What's new on the tweeting side of things? 
Hey!  Woke up today 12:30, and just ate breakfast, now I will try to find someone who wants to go out and do something today 
Woke up late  dnt think i will make it to sunday school...but last nite was amazin  i gotta t shirt 
Woke up early, cooking  I was thinkn just now that the key to happiness is making a habit of it 
*yawn* Woke up after some great sleep only to be oh so ready to re-enter my dreams...g'night, again 
Woke up with a smile on my face  life is good 
Woke up, had a shower, feeling refreshed 
Woke up this morning to a cloudy sky...hopefully it'll be a good day and rain! 
Woke up this morning with my baby by my side...  http://yfrog.com/bbadjj
Woke up from plesant dreams of snuggling with a cuddly wolfskunk. Not really intimate, just getting to know one another more. So warm 
Woke up quick, at about noon. 
I think I'll just head to bed. Woke up on the wrong side, or maybe I woke up on the right side and everyone else woke up on the wrong. 
Woke up and it's bank holiday monday, so no college. got a text from tom via jason's mobile earlier today, so i'm hoping they turned up. 
Woke up at 10am, my alarm didnt wake me up so @samm_xo did by sending me the best text! 
Woke up this morning to the line &quot;I made this half-pony half-monkey monster to please you But I get the feeling that you don't like it &quot; 
Woke up late &amp; trying to get sh*t done before work 
Woke up at 7:50 then fell back to sleep. Woke up at 8:50 and back to sleep again. Woke up at 9:50 and I'm staying awake! MORNING! 
Woke up to feed the baby and I found yellow tulips and a card from the hubby  thanks kimmie for giving him good advice ;)
Woke up happy  - sometimes finding peace in the smallest thing is all you need...
Woke up to a txt from my boss saying were not working in the rain  back to bed for me.
Woke up at 8:41 a.m. That qualifies as sleeping in for me these days! At least I have no homework to worry about. 
Woke up from a much needed nap 
Woke up with a costa  goodway to start the day
Woke up far too early this morning. But it should be a good day. 
Woke up from a power nap 
Woke up to 3 awesome faces!!!! 
Woke up, have to go in 25 minutes to be on time  fun times :p
Cleaning the flat &amp; not sleeping until the 'right' time after transatlantic flight = v good. Woke up at 0830, sleepy, but in clean house 
Woke up.. and working, helping businesses financial status to stay afloat what can i do for you... no seriously let me know. 
@lanarsbananars YAY!!!!!! Woke up early to apply to more jobs 
Woke up randomly...tummy growling...going back to sleep so I can wake up in a few hours and eat breakfast 
Woke up to get a drink of water. Once again G'night tweets 
@stellargy Thanks for the ff! I agree with you- not sure what it is but today is a heck of a lot better than the past few. Woke up to it. 
Woke up on the good side of the bed this morning and i glad the sun is shining 
Woke up to the smell of her mom cokling pancakes....today is a good day 
Woke up early for once  ...now its just getting to school on time
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed at the wrong time. So I'd take a nap and then do what I'm best at doing 
Woke up to the sweet sound of rain ON my window  hehe
