Most common words for this cluster:
[('woke', 250), ('morning', 32), ('day', 28), ('today', 27), ('am', 21), ('night', 19), ('headache', 17), ('waking', 13), ('sick', 12), ('work', 11), ('throat', 10), ('head', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Woke', 0.9861406683921814), (u'woke', 0.6005239486694336), (u'Waking', 0.5873876214027405), (u'mornin', 0.5712630152702332), (u'Kimzolciak', 0.556675374507904), (u'Argh', 0.5511414408683777), (u'berzerkeley', 0.5487785339355469), (u'Yikes', 0.5465424060821533), (u'Blog_Hoggers', 0.5432147979736328), (u'brookeburke', 0.5431326031684875)]





On a diet.... Woke up 2day Hungry 
Wife just called with my 2yr old on the phone. Woke up and wanted daddy. 
@AsiaSadeAzante hey Mama! U still at the studio?? Woke up in the mid of the nite 
Woke up (a little) late than usual... And I feel tired!!!  Anyway, time for breakfast ;)
Woke up early this morning to &quot;not all the way better&quot; baby and a &quot;I think I'm sick Aaron&quot; wife. When these powers are combined! Not good 
Woke up this morning and my throat is soooo sore.  I still have to go out in the cold air and run James'  Grandma to the doctor  ouchy
Couldn't sleep til 3:30 am... Woke up at 8:30 for work today. I have a maths test and remaining chemistry revision to do by TOMORROW. 
Tired, Woke this morning to the sound of a digger ripping up next doors drive. Not too bad you may think. Ahhhh, but it was 7 0'Clock... 
Woke up at 1am and couldnt get back to sleep! Tired now  I feel like crying 
Just Woke up to find out I have too  much Homework to do... 
@izzy1290 Don't you dare laugh at me Izzyboy! It's not funny  Waking up early is a bitch lol
..Just Woke Up!.. Kinda bummed its not as nice out..as it was yesterday! 
Dreamed that I was beautiful inside &amp; out. That I was a good person. Woke up crying. I miss certain friends &amp; and my heart hurts. 
Woke up late. Skipped church because of stomachache 
Woke up this morning with a swollen left eye. I'm not sick and I didn't get punched. Just dam 
Why am I not sleepy yet? Waking up tomorrow is going to suck 
Woke up at 4:30 for school.  I miss Spring Break already .
BBQ chicken, plain potato, veggies last night. Woke up with tummy ache. If Mrs. Scale unkind again Wednesday, may never eat out again. 
Dang, I miss my husband. Woke up w/o him here this morning...it sucked 
Woke up sick. Missed out on outing today so not very happy about that.  Whoever brought up the flu in humanity, I hope you burn and die.
I'm about to get ready for school. Woke up and my hair was STILL wet from washing it last night. No straightener today 
Woke up to a wet day in Quito and with a dodgy stomach 
Awake, sort of, waiting for the coffee. Woke up with the same headache I went to bed with 
Ack. Woke to a headache. 
Woke up with a stomach ache, muscle pains, and there's stuff coming up when I cough. Got day off from work. But no day off for studying. 
Ohmyghawd. Woke up with a stiff neck!!  driving is so hard... Off to Jr. Chef!
Woke early, tweeted, read, dozed. Just woke up again and now feel like poo 
@LoLa78 I fell asleep on the couch. Woke up and paper did not write itself. Sad am I 
Woke up with a heavy heart this morning. I really miss Cincinnati, and I wish I was there. 
Woke up kinda warm with a sore throat - allergies? Or [gasp] swine?!? Maker here I come 
Woke up have a headache  have 2 work on my paper probs not going 2 tennis my coach is sick and family thing tonight.. Ug my head hurts 
@chub06 He was fine last night when I fed him. Wanted to play and all that good stuff. Woke up to feed him this morning, and he was dead 
Woke everyone up on the way out this morning. Well done me. 
That's the third night in a row I've had a shit sleep.. Woke up with a headache AND have to write an English essay on Larkin 
Woke up realizing I've only eaten 2 slices of toast since Saturday...cure? More toast! Sleep didn't help the nerves 
Woke up @ 2am last night SIIIIIIIICK. After an hour or so, Indian food finally gave up the ghost. Not fun.  Just glad wasn't the IUD...
Woke up this morning to mow lawn. Realized lawn mower was stolen from my locked yard sometime in the past couple weeks. I'm stomping mad. 
@six_two Woke up to a sore back  Once I handle that, I'm all about food. How's your weekend?
Woke up, went downstairs, no birthday cake. What the hell? And my mommy's gone too  Anyway... disco time!
Woke up not feeling good at all. Looks like I'm staying home today 
Stupid new neighbors... Woke me up by talking so loud. 
Woke to the sound of Oreo crying like he really needed help, not like usual. Found/rescued him from being half inside my venetian blinds 
Woke up super late, i go in at 12 i'm so rushed! Finna work all day! [ily] m&amp;m's sorry that ur kinda sick 
Omg.. Woke up looking like poop!!! Had an allergic reaction to night cream 
@NJTanner ha ha! That was some funny shit. Got home at 6am. Woke up at half 3 today 
Woke up this morning and as I start yawning I think... Mmm I have exams today  wish me luck!
Woke up at 8.30 2day and decided to stay in bed and not wake any1 up..i thought i would get the day off school..Mam woke me at 9.30 
@ElizaPatricia Woke up to see the news  Man, I hope I didn't jinx it with my tweet yesterday.
Woke up with a very painful throat ache. Not cool. Into bed I go.  #fb
Woke up, getting ready to head out to buy balloons. Ooh, so early! 
Ouchhh! Woke up because my toe was killing me. Been bleeding hahaha split the nail down the side somehow 
Good morning! Woke up completely exhausted 5th morning in a row after a solid nightmare.noo idea why but its really bleh 
Woke up to full-on, proper ringlets in my hair! Damn hair cut, forgot shorter hair does this to me! 
Woke up cuz of my back  this is my last day of painkillers tho...but it WILL heal, just cuz JC lives 
Woke up to remembering weird dreams, cats fighting on my head, and rain. Motorcycle and camping trip should be wet. 
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed! Letting nonsense distract me ..the enemy is so persistent 
Woke up with a headache.  Hopefully it will go away after a nice shower...if not I'll have to kill it with some Excedrin.
Woke up way to early! Want to go back to sleep. Ppl were so loud this morning 
Uggghhh... Waking up hella sore..  it really sucks being sick... *~xoxo~*
Went to bed at 12:20 last night. Woke up around 10:45. Holy crap.  I need to get up EARLIER. Like 8. Wish I could get up at 6 every day. 
Woke up.. Walked out of my room, and a bug flew in my eye 
Didn't sleep good last night. Woke up with another bellyache  what's wrong with meeeeeee.
Woke up early!! Dang man I know i'm not going back to sleep 
Woke up. Meeting my dad in less than a half hour. Wish I was back in bed. 
Woke up at 4AM and can't fall back asleep 
Woke up at 3am and realized the house had not cooled off! The compressor is running and cold but no air. No one can come out until Mon. 
Woke up to thunder n lighting yet again  I guess no parasailing today.... Ugh!
Woke up about an hr ago, still feeling kinda sick. But Blacklight Excursion tonight! 
I`ve been in the bed all day... And my head still hurts  ,, Woke up a Noon, then went back to bed around 5.. Now I`m about to sleep again.
Woke up in pain again. Arse, will never get a doc appt with long weekend 
Then they suddenly decided to jump out while over Montana.  Woke up to find them still beside me.  disappointed and mad.   
Woke up rather upset, hopes Dave can cheer her up later 
Woke up at 4AM for who only knows what reason, and now I can't fall back asleep. 
Hay fever really kicking in now. Woke up sneezing and grumpy 
Woke up with the beast today.. Ugh 
Woke up with really weird stomach pains  &lt;3 Roberta
Woke up thanks to my spidey sense to find a fucking spider chilling on the wall right by my head. *shivers* Death was dealt swiftly. 
Woke up, super excited to get my dance dress today, gonna be so pissed off if someone stole it from the hiding spot in Forever 21  If so..
Slept all day aftr a grvyrd shift. just woke up. Evryone went 2 the damn beach while I slept. Woke up to a Gazillion texts from everybody 
Damn hayfever!  Woke up with red puffy eyes this morning   Opticrom to the rescue!
Woke up this morning and throught it was Saturday. Was about to turn off alarm and go back to bed. 
Woke up after two hrs or so of sleep, to an epic stomach ache and the need to vomit. Considering not going to class today. 
Woke up with my head literally pulsating, like it's a timebomb. Not cool at all. Taking a migraine pill, and going to lay back down. 
Woke up. Watched salad fingers. Cried myself awake. Mornings are always the hardest. 
Woke up this morning(4am) from the sound of the rain, and loud thunder. Past 2 days have been shitty...i got a cold.  sux cant sleep good!
Woke up late and was almost late to work. Didn't have time for breakfast 
@daNanner Tired. Woke up about 15 minutes ago due to low blood sugar. *Way* too early after going to bed at 2. 
Woke up to rain in Nunavut...I wanna go home!!!  this isn't making me feel better!!
Woke up this morning next to furnace (@almalthia) and my throat sore. Ears are draining. Bleh. I'd go back to bed if I could. 
Woke up at 5am this morning.. again. Can't sleep anymore  Argh!
Don't feel terribly well  Woke up with a sore throat... seemed to mostly pass when I drank something, but it's still there a bit :/
School...Tired...Woke up early... 
OUCH! Woke up with a headache, haven't slept in two nights-and not because I was having too much fun to sleep.  Going to be a long day 
I feel like the life is slowly being sucked out of me  Woke up drenched! Showered 5x yesterday here we go again! 2day I cont. My fight!!
Woke up for Nothing 
Forgot today was patch day. Woke up early for nothing. 
Woke up thinking i made sixty dollars from selling stuff. Realized i'm still broke 
Woke up...Gotta work on a 15pg paper due by 5pm today  Already got about 6pgs done, but I gotta rewrite that a bit
Woke up on time today. Yay. Maths first, then French!  not so &quot;Yay.&quot;
Woke up at 5am this morning for work, left at 5.30am, got home at 6.30pm  Man i love working.
Finally bed time. Waking up in an hour. 
@agirlcalledbob Waking up to thunder is no fun.  
Woke up, thunder and lightning, now its raining on and off. Fell asleep @ 7pm, so bout 7.5hrs later I'm awake 
@MissTsensual Accidently kicked a trainer that was lying around on way to answer door yesterday. Woke up to big purple toe 
Woke up this morming couldnt find my Ipod   Under the sheets , at the end of the bed. Ummm what happen?? Lol
Woke up at six   Tired .. only 4 hours of sleep last night. I'll just sleep on the bus
Woke up to my big pug whining and limping  Think he got bitten or stung on his pad...makes me sad to see him not himself.
Yikes I spoke too soon. Oliver apparently had a horrible night  Woke up every 2 hours -- wet through his clothes -- unhappy panda T_T
Rough morning. Woke up with a migraine. Woke up an hour later shivering &amp; sweating. Took my temp - 102 degree fever  I hate being sick!
Woke up sick   Going to bed again.
Woke up in rain this morning.... Route is now closed due to rain, and   everybody is getting buses to Ventura..  #alc8
Say wha?! Woke up to my nose bleeding 
Woke up at 5am in a sweat after dreaming/believing computer had a virus. Thanks insomnia. Going running now (6.15am). Looks cold outside. 
Calling it a night. Waking up very early tomorrow 
Woke up and forgot was on boat! Looked out window and the geese army were in formation infront of boat 
Woke up this morning and had the worst Anxiety Attack  OMG it was scary!
Went to bed half-drunk at 12:30.  Woke up at 5:30.  I don't today will be so good. 
Going to work. Waking up this early kills. 
Woke up to find out there was dog poo in the bed.  Won't let it make for a crappy day. . . har.  . . har.
Woke up today feeling sickly &amp; achie. Make it to work but think I will have to cancel girls night tonight. 
Woke up feeling sick. Crazy sore throat and head cold. Where did you come from?!?!?! 
Woke up with my killing  Oh well, I finally got my shoes for prom that took about 2 months to find!
@bullett  just got it! Weird huh? Woke up sad though  LOL
Woke up NOT feeling good. Feeling very sore. 
Well I'm up now.. Woke up hot and crampy :/ started my dot 
Woke up, killer headache.  Everything on the DVR has been erased!  
Glad mom feels better after last night... Slept w/ puffy eyez,Woke up late and didn't get to run to the bank.  bout to eat a late lunch!
Woke from my nap with a cold sore.  Boo. Instant mashed taters were pretty awful too.
Ps. Had a dream abi and i wer gulping down orange juice. Woke up with such an urge.. Alas ther was only pineapple juice in my fridge  xo
Woke up about 3 hours ago (way too early...) have to clean up the mess I made... Bye bye weekend 
Woke up this morning to big damp patches on bedroom ceiling. Daughter no1 left her bedroom window wide open all night, her room soaked. 
Woke up in the middle of the night w/something crawling on my head. With great courage, grabbed it and turned on the light. Yep, a tick. 
Got a sore throat. Woke up with it, but trained anyway... not sure that was a good idea 
Woke up with sequins over me. I want to go to the Circus again! 
Woke up with the world's worst headache. I didn't even drink!!! Something is smushing my head....and I have to go to work? 
Apparently I stopped takin Thera-Flu to early *sigh* Woke up all....shivery. Who's gonna take care of me? 
Woke up early  my nina is in town so excited to see her. Going to the swap meet in a lil!
Woke up and feel great! Sorta! I feel rested but my stomach is working for me. That means I'm going to have to ditch out of a grad party. 
Woke up.  Baseball today.  Be there and then I gotta mow the grass.  
Woke up, Cheri had to take the baby with to a job interview, I'm feeling like a heel. #mefail 
Going to bed at 5:30 am = awesome. Waking up at 1 pm = suck 
Cat is fighting with a raccoon outside.  Woke me up a witto bit.
Woke up at 4 AM, not feeling good. Ugh. 
Woke up late today! Going to get a shower and then start the long winding road of revision. 
Thunderstorms in KC. Woke up too early. 
Woke up cz I 4got to buy Powerhouse tix...f*ck the special is over  back to regular prices :-/
Alarm did not go off again today... Woke up at 750!  Normally leave the house at 815 
Woke up to go to work. Showered &amp; everything, now back to bed. Head is pounding!! 
Woke up to my mom calling and then an old co-worker - This is going to get interesting and Alli and I have to schedule a surgery for her 
Woke up sick. Stuffy nose, major headache. I hope this clears up B4 my BDAY 
Feeling a little under the weather... Woke up with a sore throat  Just met the judges, they are great! Relaxing with the girls tonight!
Woke up late! Raining weather always made me drowsy. Expensive cab fare 
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed. Terrible terrible early morning dream 
Going to sleep. Haven't felt good today. Woke up with a horrible headache and kept it all day.  night guys!!!
Woke up to my cat puking...went to check on Bela and found her sitting in her own poop and pee with the saddest face...poor dear.. 
Woke up b/c I had a bad dream.  Going to try to go back to sleep for another couple hours 
Woke up from a bad dream. Thank god it's not real 
Morning twitter ville. Woke up not feeling 2 good. Throwing up everywhere not attending my summer class 2day 
Got a fuggin headache no idea why... Woke up with it 
Ugh Waking up after yesterday was my first day back in the gym in 5 months...I'm so sore! I want my big guy to wake up and talk to me 
Woke up,noticed my Dad left without me and am still having a fit over it. 
Woke up and saw a wild turkey in my yard I chased it to a corner then it flew off.. no pet turkey for me   http://mypict.me/41AI
Fell asleep. Woke up cuz my phoone rang. Now i cant go back to sleep. I need to start sleeping w/ my phone turned off. 
Has had a terrible night. Woke up every hour crying with hay fever. My eyes are so red and swollen this morning 
Is at the airport... Woke up at 4:23. I could use more sleep. I have my coffee and no fiddle.  can't wait to get to Chicago!
Ugh. Waking up with hayfever in the morning is dreadful 
Woke up late  if it was for presentations today, I'd be taking a 'work from home' day.. http://myloc.me/48pJ
Woke up at three and figured I'd make an early start of a day.  Now I'm exhausted, and it's not even 7:00 AM.  
Woke up with a KILLER headache  Wait, was I sopossed to say something weird cuz i made it to 900 updates?
Mornin! Woke up this mornin w my neck stiff &amp; both shoulders hurtin! Im so sick of this! I guess im gonna have 2 go 2 the doctor w it! 
Woke up extra early to get 3.0 and rejailbreak. Denied till 5pm 
Woke up wondering why my bed was in the middle of my room. Then I remembered the spider  @SymanthaFox last seen behind my jewelery board
Woke up late, have no car and I'm late for work! Boyfriend too lazy to drive so hurry up bus!! I'm super hungry. 
Hungry. Woke up not too long ago. Curlynessssss hair. I needa stop sleeping 
Woke up. Or rather got up to an empty house  waiting on mollie to come back!
Woke up with a killer backache...  What is up with that? Probably because I haven't been working out for ages
Woke up with a seal in my bed. Oh no that's me.  fucking chest
Woke Johnny up b/c the dog was breathing crazy for 10+ mins. Huffing, snorting, panting, labored. Seems OK now but keeping my eye on her. 
Woke up to another rainy day in NJ... enough already.  
Soo tired. Woke up 36 minutes late but still made it to work on time. I don't understand lol. Yayy for 13hr dayyy 
Woke up sick to my  stomach. Called in to work I felt so craptastic. Feel green just moving.  
Argh! Woke up this a.m. and my phone won't turn on? Its a LG Voyager and just keeps turning itself off suddenly for now apparent reason. 
Woke up. Waiting for my apple repair box to come in the mail for my poor iPhone. 
Woke up WAY later then I wanted to 
Woke up from a terrible dream 2day that Kate Moss gave me this godawful tattoo right nxt to my armpit  And also that I was Ne-yo's gf 
Woke up way to early and didn't sleep well.  Don't know why.
Woke up to the sound of birds chirping. Shame they weren't real 
Fell asleep on the couch at 10. Woke up at 11 and went to bed expecting to go right back to sleep. Two hours later, still awake. 
Woke up at 3am today until now. Damn shag! 
Woke up!  Just watching some tv.  on demand always gives me something good.   I miss fattie. 
Good morning world !  Woke up late after a long studio night ....only to realize I left my back o green there 
Woke up again. Something's very strange. I have to do so much homework this weekend 
Going to bed. Waking up early for work 
Woke up too late, wasn't able to jog with Ade and Yel. 
Almost 3a.m. and I don't wanna sleep yet, even though i should. Waking up super early; at 11a.m.  but it's for a good cause&lt;3
Woke up sick   Working 7a-11p. Maybe I'm overdoing it...
Woke up to no power and a sore throat. Awesome. can't leave until i can get the garage door open 
Woke up too late for a run. At the opticians now. Got a wait of about 45mins. 
Denver claims 300 days of sunshine that sure isn't the case this year. Woke up 2 another cloudy day. Weathermen lied to us. 
Woke up for breakfast at the hotel. Sorta unsatisfying but oh well. Now back in the room for a nap. My last day to see my brother. 
Woke up to a message from Katie my poor best friend is in hospital with appendicitis!  wish I could be there for her
Woke up this morning only to see more of the same:  RAIN.  
Grr... Woke up feeling like crap and with a fever of 100.1 
&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3Just Woke UP! About to make a homemade music video !!!(Then i go to clean my room again  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
Woke up at 11:48am, alarm goes off at noon. Roar hiss 
Holy abalone Batman!  Woke up at 5am CRYING from a headache, got sick, slept some more, and I still have that headache! 
Woke up with lots of wisdom teeth drama..Gotta get these things removed soon. 
Woke up at 6am &amp; then slept again hoping to catch 2 hrs, &amp; woke up at 1pm.  waste. now have to rush to get ready b4 he get mad. Shit.
Dreamt pretty lady was sitting in my lap. Warmest I've been all winter! Woke up, no pretty lady, cold now. 
Woke with a headache, earaches and sore throat BOO 
Woke up.  Cuanto Te Xtrano
Up at 5:30 a.m. Saturday thinkin I had to go to work. Woke up at 4:30 a.m. this mornin - lots o' energy! Missin out on m fav thing! 
Woke up. About to leave the lake. 
Woke up at 9 to say goodbye to Melissa 
Woke up a little sad that I have no more @NKOTB shows to look forward to 
Woke up after a few hours of sleep, and then slept until noon. So... I'm thinking plasma can wait until tomorrow. Don't wanna work out. 
Woke up with a migraine today, not fun at all!  Just got off bed and recovering from it ...
Woke up semi early. Feeling its effects now 
Woke up at 2am with a fever  Heads pounding and my back hurts--I think it's a bladder infection...eww
Woke up with full blown flu  fever, the works. Damn and I tried so hard to avoid it...need to stock up on meds and rest...
@ZoGLOw Aah, we wish we were there too! Woke up with the post tour blues today, we are sad wasps 
@imveryhumble unfortunately yes. Waking up early should be a crime. 
Woke up from listening to The Beatles, and still have the stupid headache. Ugh! 
Woke up early to feed my cat. Forgot he was gone. 
Woke up to a spider looking at me on my pillow. Freaked out &amp; killed it. I feel violated. 
Woke up / got outta bed / had a splitting headache and... Wait, no, that's not right. 
Woke up with my head feeling like it'd been split in two, generally feeling icky today. I hope I didn't catch Sage's cold. 
I had such a bad dream last night. Woke up panicking. Someone hold me 
Woke up because of a nightmare caused by the graph editor in Maya being misused... And truly feels like a geek now... But in a good way 
Went gym in the morning then slept after lunch. Woke up and cut the lawn now watching tv. What a productive day 
Woke up with a smile on my face still. Lol. Tt warm feelin still lingers.  i'm late for work tho. But i dun reali care, do i? =p
Woke up and found out that I am accepted for the FreeRealms Beta, www.freerealms.com. Yes that's right folks, Phantium is a game tester. 
Woke up at 7 today. Headed  to the mall with Sammy! 
Woke up with a smile  Goodmorning Y'all!
Slept badly. Woke up early. No internet, thanks bt. Plumbing broke. Apart from that, very happy 
Went to bed too early if before midnight. Woke up, did some work and now maybe back to sleep.  #fb
Woke up so dom and alyssa can leave.. Going back to bed once they leave 
Blah bored and tired. Woke up at 7 today :[. Talk to me? 
Woke up from the most amazing dream, early morning run, KKPsi Cookout this afternoon and with all that, I still can't wait till 5! 
Woke up at like 8:30... Tired... But gonna bbq with miss amy so gonna be a good day 
Woke up to really good news: a Twitterena update!! Woohoo! 
Woke up early. Sa wakas. 
Woke up after about 6 hours of sleep. Feeling better now 
Woke up really late today. Just had breakfast. Planning to stay home, watch TV shows and do nothing. Eat too. 
Woke up at 5am. Cleaned camera gear from last nights wedding. Should really go back to sleep, but kids awake. 
Woke up 2 a cold ass house w/ nobody in it....jus how I like it  Eggs &amp; Salmon... U know tha deal
Woke up at 4:30.  Hiked up a mountain.  Chilling in a tree.  
Woke up in the early morning in Sweden, hope this day will be great. No i will make it great at my own. 
*Happy dance* Woke up to a sale!!! YAY!!! 
@Kait_O Yay, I know! I hope he keeps playing like this and don't back to his shanking ways at RG.  Woke up this morning still grinning.
Just Woke Upp 
@chippajones  I used to have similar dreams. Woke up with a Ducati. 
Woke up cuz of my back  this is my last day of painkillers tho...but it WILL heal, just cuz JC lives 
@adychou I'm ok. Woke up with a pretty bad headache which I'm hoping will go away after some coffee. Good luck with the results! 
Woohoo  Woke up to no rain and sunshine  Hope it lasts!
Woke up an hour late; still waiting for Kristal -- I made us breakfast sandwiches!! w00t! 
Woke to a beautiful morning  now going paddling to the sea. Perfect.
Woke up to a load of tweets from @30secondstomars including an announcement for tomorrow! Oooo exciting!! 
