Most common words for this cluster:
[('wolverine', 263), ('men', 42), ('x', 41), ('movie', 29), ('origins', 21), ('quot', 18), ('night', 16), ('today', 14), ('movies', 14), ('amp', 14), ('jackman', 13), ('realhughjackman', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Wolverine', 0.967846155166626), (u'Wolverine_Uncaged_Edition', 0.7059546709060669), (u'Wolvie', 0.633473813533783), (u'Hulk_Vs', 0.5943648219108582), (u'Spartan', 0.5916825532913208), (u'Deadpool', 0.5762805342674255), (u'X_Men', 0.5730962753295898), (u'Wolverine_Sequel', 0.5609660744667053), (u'Wolverine_Hugh_Jackman', 0.554783046245575), (u'Misunderstood_Masterpieces', 0.5539576411247253)]





Morning Twitterverse, my condolences to all the Spartan fans 
In the good ol' day this bootleg copy of X-Men Origins: Wolverine would have been swedish porn. Sadly it's the real movie  good Q though..
I still need a date for May 1st!!!  X-Men Origins: Wolverine was supposed to go w/@hasanlc but he saw the premiere last month 
Wolverine was awesome! Back to being a jail bird... 
Wolverine was outrageous. Not enough gambit tho 
I'm kinda afrad to go see Wolverine, considering I heard it was sorry!  and it doesn't look interesting w/o the rest of the X-Men crew. 
Nvm, I'm seeing Wolverine again 
*jealous of everyone getting to see Wolverine on the big screen tonight* 
21cineplex.com mobile site still have 'PHP fatal error'  Anybody know if Watchmen or Wolverine have shown @ bdg yet?
Well, the final tally is 4 kittens. Also, the movie Wolverine wasn't nearly as good as I'd hoped. 
@JeanGrae if ur a fan of Wolverine and the original Marvel story line - it's TERRIBLE! 
Just got back from watching X-Men Origins:Wolverine.  Expected a little more action 
Wolverine wasn't that great 
So busy today...haven't seen it like this in forever  Damn you Wolverine!!
X-men Origins - Wolverine was AMAZING! Then went to see Madison but they were doing surgery on another baby so we couldn't go in 
Wolverine pretty much sucked.  Don't say I didn't warn ya. 
@BronwenZ All i'll say about Wolverine is that I had severe brain pain on walking out of that movie.. it started pretty awesome 
shitty seats for Wolverine  ..it was still okay though. Not too fond of prequels in the first place
@abigbat you can't say a Wolverine line anymore  not with the disgrace that's in theaters.
If you like good movies/comics/logic/yourself then AVOID &quot;Wolverine&quot;. 
Very dissapointing night, lost bad guys and watched that Wolverine flick 
was disappointed in Wolverine. Didn't follow the comic books. 
Wolverine sucked 
@levO11 I went and seen Wolverine....I got be honest, I wasn't all that impressed....I thought it was kinda slow/boring!  IMHO!  
Is less than excited to see Wolverine now... Poor Deadpool.  No substantial part and no spin off. 
Good morning all...Wolverine was awesome...the summer of movies has begun. But now I'm off to work 
@Kristen_Painter Nope I'm writing. I think I'm too swollen and waddley for Wolverine.  #Wolverine
Hmmmmmm, maybe I won't make the effort to brainwash my kids into catching a matinee of Wolverine later today. 
Very dissappointed with Wolverine 
Wolverine should've been waayy darker!!! I wish this done by Marvel Studios 
going to the movies to see Wolverine with my love.....wish the sun was out though!!! 
Wish I could go see Wolverine this weekend but have too much work to do 
When will `X-Men Origins:Wolverine` release in india ? looks like multiplex 'es are on strike  - no new films ?  #wolverine
Wolverine was so so 
Just got back from watching Wolverine. I give it a B. Wishing I had someone to hang out with while Doug is at work tomorrow 
Wolverine didn't even stand a chance of living up to all the hype generated by TV. 
Wolverine was awesome!!! Too bad the special effects sucked 
Wolverine movie: 2 of 5!  Really bad writing, amateur acting (with exceptions)... I'd recommend watching X-Men 2: United again instead!
Finally reunited with my Wolverine game....and finally tired... sad timing. 
Is it just me, or was 'X-Men Origins: Wolverine' underwhelming, and boarderline GARBAGE?? I wasn't impressed at all!! 
Wolverine is good but the special effects r rubbish 
@jesuscripes I thought Wolverine tried way too hard to include everything, and didn't develop characters, and let us see their powers. 
X-Men 2 is on FX.  Pity that Wolverine is getting such crappy reviews. 
is not happy with &quot;X-Men Origins: Wolverine&quot; ... Truely awful CGI in places and a complete savaging of one of my favourite characters 
doesn't want to go to this party...  Hopefully we can get out of there quickly and go see Wolverine.
still gota see Wolverine. was way too tired last night 
Wolverine......awesome. And prom was amazing. Won 95 tickets but never won anything 
Wolverine movie...not too bad...but damn! they fucked up Deadpool!!!  sadness
Wolverine...not bad. Not the best though..poor merry 
Gd day yest - my beloved Gers won 2-0 (keeping the dream alive) &amp; saw Wolverine &amp; had nice meal out with my guy - never enough time tho 
I didn't get to see Wolverine this weekend.  
had a great day at the movies! Out of the 2, Wolverine would be my pick. F&amp;F was good too though! Not looking forward to the week ahead 
is dismayed that Wolverine turned out so bad 
Anyone watched Wolverine? It was pretty cool even though the whole Sabretooth story line did not make sense ... 
@truedeadman I want to see Wolverine very badly.. But I know for a fact all the terrorists-Tourists are going to be there due to weather 
@AJQ_ Good action seq, esp. bet Deadpool &amp; Wolverine/Sabretooth, but tried too hard to pack too many characters in &amp; Gambit was disapting 
@Marvel *raises hand*. I saw Wolverine this weekend. I didn't stay through the end credits.  Normally I do.
Wolverine just ended... It wasn't good.  Next!
feeling bad for Wolverine 
@queenofzan You did not like Wolverine?  
Hugh Jackman in Rio promoting &quot;Wolverine&quot;. I did not see him in here... Is not fair!!!!! 
Wondering what to buy 8 year old nephew for his birthday. Any suggestions? Wolverine hands are sold out 
OK @sarahkate1 fails. anyone want to catch Wolverine with me this week? i need to see the second hour still. fam went w/out me today. 
Loved StarTrek! and Wolverine! and just wants to sit and read all day everyday, but he has to find a job. 
@cheerioo just kinda???????????? i was sadd when i saw Wolverine 
@tashaamay But Ted is lonely without Wolverine  And I can't put any boys in with him cause he will fight with them 
Wolverine was actually rubbish. Not just not very good, but real genuine bona-fide rubbish, and I love &quot;super-hero&quot; movies. 
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is dissapointing!  bad script and a really bad director, he wasn't up to the job.
Bit better today, thank you 2 all those that sent kind wishes!Still wobbly, but well enough to be writing, if not well enough 4 Wolverine 
@whitespider1066 &quot;toys&quot;??? Advanced load carrying system. Low-cost 1-man outdoor shelter. I didn't get the Wolverine glove 
@Badger5000 probably, but the yoot don't care no more grandad 
@ssminnow7 Sorry to hear that, dude.  Wolverine is much the same way (- the SNL skit bit).
Finally watched X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Gambit was so disappointing. 
My Spartan dogtags are losing their black coating. 
@Spartan007 is on a night shift tonight so no company tonight 
missed two dogtags in Wolverine and don't have a clue where they are! 
On my way to see Wolverine. More essaying later 
@Badger5000 .... all very troubling stuff, gives a person bad bloody dreams  
@choozm Actually Wolverine should be culled as well. He shreds cars 
saw star trek this weekend, it was pretty good, lots of action and a fairly good storyline. Wolverine was a let down though, so sad 
@linduhh meh! Spartan shaft in effect again. Thumbs down! 
Going to see a movie! (And the shocking part is; not Wolverine.  )  Up 3d!
downloaded x-men the animated series! Wolverine in dorky yellow jumpsuit! Not Hugh Jackman.  Honey bought me a rose. V.kyoot.
Wolverine was quite the dissapointment. It was all screaming in anger and cheesy lines. How sad 
Just received an email about buying Spartan football tickets and deleted it since I'm not buying them....made me a little sad 
Still no live!  I'm well on my way to finishing Xmen Origins Wolverine then maybe I will do the hard campaign on COD...
wants to talk to her Wolverine, where is he? 
Sweet just snagged the new Fast &amp; Furious and Wolverine movies from my friend in DVD quality. Nice! Too bad Wolverine sucks 
Saw @NDTV 's review of Wolverine, almost the same as @realrogerebert 's review from more than a month ago, Ebert gets no credit/mention 
X-men origins: Wolverine is a no show - i'd have preferred if they'd kept wolverine a mystery and not go digging his past  Disappointing!
@VodkaChik No such thing as a day of rest  I might just play some Wolverine and try get that finished I guess. What you up to this evenin
The Wolverine game is bloody!! Therefore it's fun hehehe but I need to finish the english paper. Boo! 
Acabo de terminar de ver X-men Origins: Wolverine, Coraline &amp; The secret life of the bees &lt;3 nice mondaaay! 
just started watching X-Men Origins: Wolverine, looking good so far 
i just realized that in a month i can celebrate my birthday with watching the Wolverine movie then wwe Raw  nice timing
i'm rather unreliable.  I still haven't seen Watchmen and despite being amped about Wolverine, I might not see that one either.
is watching Wolverine &amp; The X-men anime in Spaniard but dont understand a thang but gracia 
Am enjoying a v lazy afternoon watchin XMen trilogy bak to bak in prep for Wolverine 
@kleinmaetschke you got me. I WILL go see Wolverine the night of. 
@extralife If by Wolverine, you mean Batman, then sure 
I'm so seeing Wolverine again 
just saw Wolverine &amp; it was AWESOME!! can't wait to watch it again 
Awake from an amazing nap...getting ready to go see Wolverine. From what I'm hearing, it's pretty amazing. 
@RealHughJackman just finished #Wolverine. Outstanding job. Deadpool was a badass... you were pretty tough too. 
X-Men Origins: Wolverine was great 
Playing Fuzzball reminds me of Wolverine  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
i just saw Wolverine..... awesome!!! re-ignited my love for the comic series that began when i was a little kid  
@RealHughJackman  hey Mr.Jackson...i really want to know how does it feel..(well in my few) ..that u will be remember as Wolverine 4ever? 
Wolverine is GOOOOOOD 
@appeased Wolverine is amazing 
@hweifen I've watched Wolverine already 
just watched Wolverine, really good! // good purchases. 
We're all secret X-men fans. And Wolverine is cool, man! 
@Wolverine236 thanks for following!   
17 again  .. btw Daniel Henney was gorgeoussss as ever! Wolverine = great movie
@RealHughJackman Just go back from the cinema... Wolverine was great! Good job!!! 
@anuheajams I'm partying. You can keep Wolverine. 
Had a fun date tonight  Saw the Wolverine movie, it was decent. Not great, but good.
Off to watch Wolverine with parents. Haha. 
Since it's slow Mountaineer news day, Wolverine is pretty good, but maybe not same level as X-men movies @RealHughJackman Good job though 
Wolverine: &quot;you wanted an animal Colonel, you've got him&quot; 
saw Wolverine tonight. I liked it! 
@typesetjez I am very proud to hear that!  Saw Wolverine... glad for Gambit but it could've been better
X-Men Origins -- Wolverine... Just saw it, and it was pretty good. 
Seeing Wolverine with the bestie, victoria annnd her man 
@debaoki Draw teen bishounen Wolverine, and horrify them all! 
Just saw Wolverine!  Surprisingly good, but not great.  A little too cheesy/omgwtf at some points, but still entertaining 
Just watched &quot;Wolverine&quot; tonight. Good movie! 
will watch the Wolverine movie later 
What an amazing night... the perfect night with the perfect girl.  Wolverine was also good, Two thumbs up...
Just got back from the movies, Wolverine was better then I expected! 
Wolverine was such a great movie  Can't wait for the next one!!
heee heee &quot;Wolverine&quot;  was a pimp movie  i loved it 
@andrewdoll Saw it this afternoon    Did you stay through the credits for the 'secret ending' of Wolverine?
Wolverine was great!!! now im home goin to bed! 
@melomelom it was totally AMAZING...Wolverine RULZ!! Next halloween we are definitely gonna be the X-Men 
@RealHughJackman Have seen Wolverine now; was great to see &quot;you&quot; with doubts but still morals. But, that &quot;Blob&quot;guy was hard to look at 
Wolverine rocks! 
Just saw Wolverine...... it was so cool like some of the powers people have WHOAH like that guy with the stick who uses forces and stuff 
Wolverine was awesome  Hugh Jackman is so sexy O.O   I love X-men
Off to see X-Men Origins: Wolverine 
Going to Wolverine tonight 
X-Men Origins: Wolverine = very good 
@Wolverine840 hey thankx for following me 
Going to see Wolverine later. A good dose of Jackman! 
@RealHughJackman The Wolverine movie was fab! Enjoyed every sec of it. You've all done an amazing job  Keep up the good work!
@boozysmurf Wolverine tickets purchased for 6:30pm show at Coliseum tonight. Feel free to join. 
Just sax X-Men Origins , Wolverine last night ... I am extremely pleased!  :insert blissful dance:
@jessallover 'kay, chop chop, we're supposed to be seeing Wolverine tonight 
@Wolverine600 eeek! you're amazing! i don't know you, but thank you for the link 
nice sleep... gotta have breakfast, shower, then bank.. then NOTHING   other than seeing Wolverine later.
@DuckyZu I liked the music in Wolverine and the beginning with the boy...and the rest of it 
Wolverine was awesome 
Just finished watching X-Men Origins : Wolverine. COOLEYO! 
Wolverine was quite good  thanks for organising Lau 
Enjoyed Wolverine. Hugh was quite convincing in the role. He's such a positive ambassador for our country 
@Kristen_Painter Writing today, Wolverine tomorrow 
X-Men Origins: Wolverine var awesome! 
Leaving for the Movies X-Men Origins: Wolverine.   I Heard they are going to do  other X-Men Origin Movies for the other Characters.
I want to go see Wolverine tonight. @xLarkins should take me since I brought him breakfest yesterday.  Return the favor.
In the theatre for Wolverine! Had the movie since it leaked and waited till now to pay and watch. Such a good person I am. 
@Heromancer Wolverine is great! 
@Wolverine917 Hii, i saw you followed me, and i also see you love WOlverine and x-men, well me too  which movie do you think is best?
X-men Wolverine OMFG was so good.! I could'nt ask for a better movie with hugh jackman in it 
Going to see Wolverine at Smitty's in a little while 
Going out to see Wolverine......I hope I will like it as much as the previous films 
@cloudywolf97 you will have to let me know how Wolverine is.....it looks really good! 
Bout 2 go see Wolverine with my BFF 
i think Taylor Kitsch (as Gambit in Wolverine)is really handsome but i cant belivie he's 28.so he's kind of middle age 
@mrskutcher what movie did you end up seeing? I saw Wolverine then came home &amp; watched X-Men 1 &amp; 2 
just saw Wolverine. I liked it 
Just watched X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it felt good to have a saturday night off. It feels even better knowing that I don't work tomorrow 
Maths is proving to be hard. I find refuge in my Wolverine slinky  http://tinyurl.com/dap2ne
Watching Wolverine with @jfreakzach 
I saw Wolverine tonight, and thought it was pretty good 
@amandanuckolls I was thinking of you as Wolverine ran around nek'kid for a while. I believe that is called fan service. 
Just saw Wolverine. Was good. Lots of buff Hugh Jackman and blowing shit up 
Wolverine is really cool movie 
@hopelessfangirl enjoy Wolverine  hope you have a great bday!
@ShawnNelson Did you go and see Wolverine? I figured you did and that's what triggered the tweet. 
Wolverine? Mmmmm 
going to see Wolverine  nighty night tweeps
have seen &quot;Wolverine&quot; last night, now I am just waiting till it becomes june 24 so I can watch Transformers 2: Revenge of the fallen  NICE
only short but nice run, now off to see Wolverine  with the kids....
Off to see Wolverine at Southbank. Catch you guys later! 
@Caroline_Pierce Wolverine was good, bub 
Wolverine was awesome last night...worth seeing it again even 
Liked how threw in sum Wolverine fan stuff others wouldn't get, stay after credits. Comic fans will know wht Wolverine #2 will be abt. 
hmmm. X-men origins: Wolverine VIP access on starmovies tonight!!! 
Going to see Wolverine today. Looking forward to some action 
.....Wolverine. 
@MarkChing yup! It was good! I was very pleased.  #Wolverine
morning twitter  going to see Coraline today after last nights Wolverine was such a snoring letdown. Picnic with megan first though! 
LMangueArt's brain = toodle pipski.   A 6 hour kip to ReGen. Wolverine; water balloon fight; grocery then work to follow. 'Night! 
@fleurdeleigh I liked #Wolverine very mucho! 
going to see Wolverine tonight, really hope its worth it 
Spending some quality time with the mother-figure today. Sneaking wine into Wolverine 
Today I'm making homemade apple butter and weaving it into a cinnamon coffee cake. Then I'm going to see @RealHughJackman in Wolverine. 
Just watched Wolverine today! It was a great show! I loved it. 
taking the kids to see Wolverine this afternoon 
@mr_nil result! My better half doesn't mind Wolverine just so she gets to watch hugh jackman. I get the action flick, everybody wins 
Is Wolverine worth seeing? If its anything as 'good' as Crank 2 i wanna see it 
just read an extra Wolverine spoiler AFTER seeing the movie and it REALLY cheered me up  awesome!
daughter asked what I watched at the movies. I sd Wolverine. She says &quot;I know that guy! The one with long fingers &amp; scratches things!&quot; 
After hearing Liev Schreiber, pronounced like Kiev and NOT leave apparently, I wanna see Wolverine that much more! Thanks @waitwait 
@Joufy Totally forgot to tell you too; They had the Canadian Rockies in Wolverine last night.  Looked so, so beautiful of course 
up and at em on this fine sunday morning, saw Wolverine last night, it was sick as hell! now just chillin playin my game  coffee mm
@ruhi Seems like it isn't incorrect:  http://tr.im/km9e BTW, did you get the context of &quot;Hollywood does a Rajnikant with Wolverine&quot;? 
@MickCornett Taking the kiddo to see Earth this afternoon, but Wolverine came out . . . I bet that's a good choice. 
just watched Wolverine with Miguel. off to bed! 
Going to see Wolverine tonight  Cant wait! Hugh Jackman is too much!
2 thumbs up for Wolverine!  Luved the action sequences! 
Saw Wolverine. Enjoyed it immensely. 
Wolverine was bad ass. I am in love with Hugh Jackman 
Watching Wolverine 
went to movies to see Wolverine with the fam. ...it was a pretty good movie 
@emilyrolfing hey i just got back.  Thanks ill see you probably next weekend.  have fun at Wolverine im fucking jealous love you 
@helkat  Apparently it is the sound Wolverine's claws make, according to @ehooper02 
Im at the movies wit @chikkis and the guys watching Wolverine 
Wolverine was awesome.  Hugh Jackman with his shirt off tons, was also awesome.  
Wolverine is great! The end is a little sad, but it's great 
@mdalton89 You're on twitter! Finals ARE stupid. Hugh Jackman w/out shirt makes Wolverine worth the $ 
I think I'm a big fan of Gambit now...Wolverine was amazing the second time, just like the first!  That Southern accent of Gambit's...hot 
@HotJane @afwife08 @kmallan @BlokesLib Trishy and I went to go see Wolverine! it totally kicks ass y'all! best movie of the year! 
X-Men Origins: Wolverine was awesome! So curious to see the next one. 
Saw Wolverine and though it was awesome! Is now watching X-Men 1. 
X-Men:Wolverine was hot! I say go watch it 
Wee are going to the movies tonight to see Wolverine 
Hah! I saw the Wolverine last night!!! Now I can die happy, well not yet though, got a few things to get done first, but was my MoY 
Went to see Wolverine with the husband (who is off work today) - was pretty good 
Finally X-Men Origins: Wolverine arrived, Time to play the game like a mad man, And then it's time for the review  /Patrick
OMG i meant @RealHughJackman &lt;3 you're the perfect Wolverine,sir  hehe
Screw the reviews, I thought Wolverine was awesome. But not enough Dominic Monaghan for my liking. 
Wolverine was much fun, but Gambit was a bit disappointing.  Neither smooth nor Cajun enough for my taste. Pretty though 
@RealHughJackman You were absolutely amazing in the Wolverine  you're sooo beautiful !! you're also such an amazing person, i look up to u
Holy crap I am exhausted! Resting up so I can go see Wolverine later 
Saw Star Trek yesterday and Wolverine today....loved them both, Jackman abs and ass and Spock ears 
@dudeman718 Have you seen Wolverine?  Might want to change that pic.  There's a new sheriff in town.  
Off to see Wolverine 
Date movie with Nate. Most likely Wolverine. 
Although Wolverine wasn't a great movie, I don't think it was as bad as everyone is saying...&amp; at least Taylor Kitsch was in it 
Saw Wolverine last night 
viendo Wolverine 
@VeritasUnae Ahh that's fun  I had work last night, a party after, went to the movies today to see Wolverine. Was a good weekend 
@RealHughJackman Wolverine is awesome.. love it! your such a great actor.. 
@RealHughJackman Wolverine is awesome.. love it! your such a great actor.. 
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is AMAZING!!! I just want to go watch it again!!! Ryan Reynolds is awesome in it! I love him 
off to see Wolverine now 
Va voir Wolverine 
Wolverine movie was gooood. Remy Lebeau...oh my.. epic WIN  Their bad guy was a epic fail though. All in all impressed.
@RealHughJackman you rocked it in Wolverine...just got back from watchin it &amp;&amp; it was amazing, you were amazing, &amp; your butt is amazing 
HOLY CRAP! guess what... in the X_Men origins; Wolverine game, the cake is NOT a lie!  neat... Logan likes cake.
it gets easier to talk to him as time goes by  on another note, i've just come back from Wolverine, again hurrhurr and i'm doing hmwk -_-
X-Men Origins: Wolverine, i definitely will go for another time 
Wolverine again today.and starbucks.and vans shopping.this could turn into an epic day. Will tweet pics sporadically 
@SharneeR; @bigmarketer; @CareSkin; @Loisll; @RgFBBL; @Wolverine55; @threyda; @fatreg; @sanewolf; @popcorned: Thanks for the follow! 
I love how Hugh Jackman is so enthusiastic and postive about the Wolverine movie and game. 
Got to see Deadpool ending to Wolverine.  I certainly hope they make a Deadpool movie, Ryan R is funny and very easy on the eyes.  
So, I'm seeing Angels &amp; Demons instead of Wolverine.  Ah, well.  A movie day is a movie day. 
Saw Wolverine for the second time. This time till the very end. Had Wolverine in Japan ending 
Saw Wolverine this weekend.  Loved it. 
Finally going to see Wolverine 
And I didn't see @Natheroine  and I gave the plus ticket to a girl that looked like a really fan  I loved Wolverine and I don't care 
anyone know if they're making another xmen after Wolverine?!?! I cannot get enough of these movies 
