Most common words for this cluster:
[('work', 1280), ('today', 840), ('tomorrow', 402), ('tonight', 77), ('home', 60), ('na', 31), ('am', 29), ('time', 26), ('done', 25), ('ta', 23), ('night', 23), ('yesterday', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'work', 0.7598637938499451), (u'tomorrow', 0.6667863726615906), (u'today', 0.6483508944511414), (u'tonight', 0.5397871732711792), (u'Tweeted_punter_Chris_Kluwe', 0.53907710313797), (u'overpay_Prokhorov', 0.5368513464927673), (u"Today'sa", 0.5337356328964233), (u'Poorly_formated_references', 0.5312561392784119), (u'PRESIDENT_OBAMA_Good', 0.5244173407554626), (u'Danielle_Giordaano_spokeswoman', 0.5180238485336304)]





@miss_om Aww  I know I felt like that yesterday at work 
sick today  and i have a lot to do at work 
has got work again today 
is cold at work again today...I gotta remember to pack my SNUGGIE in my car 
awesome. no voice again today. work is going to be impossible. 
At work but wishing I was home I cantbdeal with these yahoos today!! 
@sammythewizzy my head is reeling from all the work   working tomorrow
bed much later than i wanted...up at 5 am for work tomorrow til 3 ughhhhhhh 
k, since i have to be at work tomorrow, i am gonna have to go to bed as much as i don't want to 
is going to bed early b/c i have work tomorrow 
@XgillX stuck inside work? thats bad  is it busy today?
Feeling like a loser for not completing any work today. 
work today.....alas wish they would quit cutting my hours 
I stayed up last night cause i didnt want to see today, it didnt work 
work sucks today  sleepy becca  back tomorroooowwwwwwwwww 
At work today...missing the nice weather 
should have done soo much school work today, but I diden't 
Just got out of work...ready to do something fun tonight but idkk what yet! 
http://twitpic.com/3kwn6 - i want to go to disneyland.....i wish i didnt work tomorrow! 
Playing some sLiNgo and contemplating my work week starting tomorrow 
@shessokillher aww.. good luck with work tomorrow! I hope you feel better. They ended up giving me the weekend off. I would've died. 
Today I am trying to catch up on work before tomorrows video conference marathon 
@amazingphoebe don't you have work tomorrow too or some shit? 
Waiting at the bus stop time. So don't feel like work today! Its sunny 
I have the skitter today and cannot be arsed being at work 
making myself feel very sick thinking about the amount of work i have to complete today 
Looooots of work tgo do today. and haircut 
@draganababy i sympathize with you, i have work tomorrow 
is getting things ready for work tomorrow 
sun night = work tomorrow... 
is sad that she has work tomorrow 
Today's going to be beautiful again and my agenda is...work and study 
Realized at 10:30 that I haven't done any washing yet, will have to stay up and do it now or no clothes for work tomorrow. 
is dreading work tomorrow 
off to sleep! work tomorrow  such a bore , you know you love me xoxo  ??
(ACTUALLY) off to sleep! work tomorrow  such a bore , you know you love me xoxo  ??
the hard work begins tomorrow 
blah i dont wanna work today 
good sleep.  gotta do work today 
I just don't want to do the work I need to do today... 
Knows exactly what awaits him tomorrow at work 
i don't wanna go into work today... booooooo.. 
@work! And so hungry  but no worries, mom is cooking turkey today 
is off work tomorrow but has to still go in for a meeting. 
work today  tired.
Too hot today   even worse, im stuck at work..
@chairmanhao back to reality tomorrow  have you done any work for skewl? (not ccny)
has now recovered from earlier today, but will still need an early night... will have to do lots of work at college so I don't get behind 
tomorrow.... work 
awake. work at three. boo. i got like four beach invites today 
done nooo work  not good...maybe tomorrow 
bsy today lot of work  
exhausted. work begins again tomorrow. 
got a brew... got work to do! today is going to be a busy one! i can sense it now!  plus its sunny outside... 
struggled thru work today..bloody cold germs 
ALOT of college work needs to get done today..  !
@AnnieC1 could do with some sympathy ... she's off work sick today   any offers??? ;)
Just been for a walk in the gorgeous sunshine... it's far too nice to be at work today  #fb
Tired, hope work is better today. 
Running late for work  but I'm going to put down a deposit for my apt today!
 work today...oh well, only 2+ months left!
I feel very annoyed with myself. I have literally done NOTHING for most of today though have got a pile of work to do 
I don't wanna be at work today 
So done with work today.. going home, to do a diffrent kind of work. 
I do not want to get up at 5:30am for stupid work tomorrow 
@jayskywalker_ i have work on thursday 
I would love to do some work from home today   good morning tho!
damn its 545 am and i cant sleep. I hate this  I need to get my blood work done today too
@its_ams i got one on order from ebay but mine packed in finally today and needed one immediately cos i have uni work due in 
Feeling sick and dreading work today... ugh... is it never gonna end... and it hasn't even started yet 
going to bed...i have work tomorrow 
bed. work tomorrow 
well my days off are over I am back a work today 
actually felt the urge to cut in work today 
@omgitsrob work tomorrow. game is at 1. 
bed time... i did 0 school work today 
i was at work for almost 14 hrs today and i still feel like i didnt get enough done... 
good morning ! a little bit of work today . 
 on the way to work ...  didn'T noe that i have work today .... 
almost at work, its too sunny to be inside  lets see how today goes...
argh work looks like it is going to be busy busy today 
@tommcfly I wish I could hear mcfly on my radio  we had busted at work today though 
@sammyrichards Morning im stuck at work today 
work again today 
At work today...  won't be stayin too long though...too nice out!!
Too tired for work today, last nite was just crazy...home at 4.30 
I should be sleeping in today but instead here I am at work. 
@gregtarnoff sorry, we were not able to accommodate vegan meals for today's event   (unless the 'pick it off' method works for you)
At work l, working  Yay prom tonight &lt;3
Slightly emo today. I want to go home and watch footy in the pub not sit here in front of my laptop and do my work. 
got work today! whooo whooo!!! 
farmers market, work out, homework. no slums today 
all work no play today.  
I am not in the mood for work today! Its gonna be way too busy! 
prom!!! but work at eight thirty tomorrow.... 
I really wanted to clean today before work &amp; i dont have time so my husbands doing it all &amp; i was all  about it so he said hell leave
@rolymac  so what u been upto today then? im at work until 10pm again
just got home from work and sooo tired  and gotta work tomorrow morning
Bahahahahha, gayest thing happened today. At work  It was embarrasibng and weird. But I can't fit it here so...
I wanna work out but I straightened my hair today. 
t sucks how much work i have to do today! and its sunny 
watching the logies.  gotta work tomorrow.  
no walk for hunger for me today. foot injury + work.  (work is good though!)
waiting for work to open up...wising I could be at fuelchurch.tv today   
up early this morning for work....have to miss church today 
ten hours of work today 
tomorrow start hard work again... sigh.. not yet enough my holiday 
@alexmerced I could type all these with last one so I gotta me a new one. I was working yesterday, more work later, no option yet 
work again tomorrow. bummer. 
We are all so bored at work today.  I don't want to be here.  
Last night was good was so tired for work though lol and got work tomorrow  xxx
is swamped at work...not too many updates coming from me today 
lab work tomorrow 
had to go into work today!  and my husband broke my computer so I had to buy a new one! :'(
@Sinnerx mine was pretty good. today was the start of my work week though 
I have work tomorrow. Not good. 
@sycobuny work tomorrow 
Someone work my 4-9 tomorrow, please. 
i start work tomorrow  so not excited, but the money will be nice.
At work, yuk, feel like poop today 
@joshuaHobbs i want to see you at work tomorrow. 
work was SO intense and freaky tonight, people are so scary 
after only sleeping 1 hour last night, dont know how I am going to survive work today 
@americanjunky I wish they would send me home from work for coughing.  I don't want to work tomorrow! 
sleeping- work tomorrow. 
work today  dont feel to good either
movie then bed. work 9-6 tomorrow 
@ work and hoping that time will run faster....It's so boring here today... 
dreading work tommorow 
calling it a night.. wish i didnt work tomorrow 
work tomorrow  not! keen...
Having to do some work today!    And then... (you've guessed it)... more house clearing work!
finally home! in bed. work tomorrow. 
@artytypes checked my work emails again, nothing arrived  Could you send again tomorrow and cc me at home?x
is doing kelly's work because kelly will nom her tomorrow if it isn't done 
got work tomorrow 
work tomorrow :| can't be stuffed, whole body killsssssss 
Getting readyfor work, I so don't want to be getting up today 
I bought 3 new CDs to listen to at work today and forgot all of them at home 
really not in the mood to do work today  its hard to get started
got work tonight 
may the 4th be with you. hahaha so i went into borders today and came out with 3 books. hm how did that happen. ew work in a hour 
I'm not really feeling work today 
boo at @justincislo &amp; @babages for calling in! work is 100x less entertaining today...  
Trying to &quot;take it easy&quot; as i was instructed to do...Not happenin. This i did beyond too much physical work today 
so I split keratase conditoner all over my phone at work today  it won't work.
ewww 10:00 meeting at work tomorrow 
tonight was amazing, completely amazing, 10 concerts in 1...going to bed! work at 830 am 
I need to get some work done today! No time to relax 
Getting ready for work again  although, I'm only in till 4, and I'm off tomorrow!
I'm very upset that I have work tomorrow  lol
Is bloody bored but doesn't want tomorrow to come if it means work 
work again today  and tomorrow! urghhhhhhhhhh
says work again tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/sw5mu
is thinkin i should make a move to bed, got work tomorrow 
@keza34 oooo yeah he bn work today  #twittertakeover
so tired  but i have a shitload of music work to do for tomorrow, so doubt i will get to sleep anytime soon 
work today 
I really regret signing up for 8 1/2 hrs of catering work today... I wanna go back to sleep 
so tired today, new babies are hard work!!!!!!  the car broke bown yesterday now i gotta go clean it for going into the garage tomorrow 
work accomplished today = none. fuck my life. 
I really need to get to bed now..   work tomorrow.. 24 more days!!!!!!
Oh god so can't be added with work tomorrow. Going to paint my nails and go to bed I think 
iis gettin readyy to hop in the showerr..then prollly goin to bed. work tomorrow 8-5. 
from today back to the boring routine of work and home 
can't sleep.... work is going to be awful tomorrow 
Not much to say today, already finished what I had to at work and now 7 more hours to go 
no internet at work today 
@ashleybartlett  let me know if u end up at work tomorrow
I'm so behind on my work, no more twittering for me today. 
hopes she isn't too busy at work today, i hate waitressing all by myself 
Missing work from yesterday galore... 
At work today, I had more reasons to wash my hands than normal 
@jdidda i have work thursday 
Ergggh work time (Y) nott fun today  I just wana sleeepy
today i have full work day .. tell tomorrow   
i dont wanna work tomorrow  molly=unhappy
I am utterly unable to go to sleep in the middle of complicated work. It would take me too long to reload this into my brain tomorrow  
at work missing her best friends.  we're all going to be in different cities starting tomorrow..
work fucking blew the dust today. i hated it. going back there tomorrow though at 10:15. yayyy. not. 
I really don't want to go to work today. I've had enough of work. There's so much that needs doing today 
still in bed. loads of work to do today 
No work for me today. That was not a fun night  lanna feel yucky
needs to start all the work she has to do today 
work tomorrow. so NOT looking forward to it... 
Plenty of work to do today 
writing essay  it's due tomorrow and I have work today....aw man
at work, bored stupid and depressed after that poor display by falkirk yesterday 
@leannebellman I've got loads of work to do, didn't end up doing any yesterday  Is it bloggers today?
ugh gotta work today 
Another long day at work  but ty graduates today yay!
@msmystrena i'm still in bed and i have to work today and write a paper after work   
not feeling like going into work today 
leaving work. they werent to busy today.  uhhh i need the money..
god.....i dont wanna work today! 
@Louisalytton wow, its 7.20 here  have to start thinking about work tomorrow 
@xoMusicLoverxo  working today?
starting work tomorrow 
doin some yard work today  i truly have been putting this off long enough.
work starts tomorrow 
hates being at work today 
bed i guess. . .work tomorrow!!! 
Getting ready for work tomorrow.    Sucks being a grown up.
A lot of work tomorrow 
just watching a movie and dredding work tomorrow 
I don't want to think about work tomorrow 
just got done cleaning..work tomorrow 
i have a confession.....i didnt work on my website today uhoh 
At home again today, got to get my head back into work, quick trip to the docs this afternoon to check all is well.  Not so sunny today 
stomach ache  trying my best to soldier on and finish my work for today.
no work tomorrow 
would rather be at home than work today 
I dont wanna work today! 
is rained off work...no roofing for me today 
is sh*@&amp;~g myself because my work isn't sone and it's due today 
Man I feel like I'm doing a crap job at work today... 
i'm a little nervous about work today. 
at work.. i really wish i went to V.A today..  i'll make up 4 it some how this summer...
has got work tomorrow 
work..  i just wanna sleep today!
I can't believe I'm stuck in work until 8 o'clock tonight 
Sitting at work, blah today is going to take forever to be over 
@BDooBs hahaha, its all good. &lt;3! work today 
A holiday here today, but I am still doing catch-up work.  
work today    but dean's list!
i have work today.  should be fine, i hope.  hopefully i'll see alyx tonight, she's not feeling well.   everyone listen to name taken.
So slow at work today. 
bought new pants and shoes for work today, i hate wasting money on work 
me myself and I at work today.......I am lonely 
Just came pretty close to smacking someone at work. So... just came pretty close to getting myself fired. So not in the mood today. 
work is such a downer today. i hope i can still go to marco 
I can't seem to focus at all at work today!!!  ahhhh!
just got a txt afarid something is going to happen at work today 
At work a lot of mail today  also running late but still 4 T
@Dunkndisorderly Sadly my boss is back in the office today - not much festival work for me today, I fear 
even though i spent my day getting signatures for my clearance, i still didn't get to finish my paper work today 
The office is so empty today  I seem to be the only person who has loads of work on!
no work today yaaaaaay! just have to study and clean the house instead 
i am getting ready for a whole lot of work today at college 
@HerrWulf I seriously doubt it   i was all for doing so, But work is ending me today, and ive gotta be up and away for 10 tomorrow
man I feel sad to be leaving work today  You never realise what you have until its gone
work hours changed, no spin class today 
Getting ready for work... I woke up a little late today 
i wanted to go to the city today but plans never work out these days 
Hoping my car is fixed today, so I can goto work tonight.  
@lyth  ill be at work tomorrow. but we can get peoples together for a meet if you want. check when we are all free and stuffs xD
i've got the friday feeling!!!! but have work at 6am tomorrow 
I feel awful today  and I'm stuck at work 730-4ish
At work not feel to well. I'm not feelin been up today. 
going into work late today. have to stay til 5. that's almost a normal schedule. lame. 
@cyndef didn't go. might try to go to the noon class. depends on work load...  maybe a run tomorrow if not.
most of my friends get out of work early today...not me   ........yet
@bodogo im good.but totally f'ing late for work today 
@bdogo im good.but totally f'ing late for work today 
No work today cause of the rain 
I forgot there'd be no traffic today, so I've been at work since 8:30 
@ChrystallJane I dont get paid double today  but i still gotta work 6 hours.
so glad work is over. so chaotic today. 
I need sleeeep!!! I'm not gonna be able to function tomorrow at work... I can't sleep though.... 
I sliced my thumb pretty bad today... but I don't have any spare bandages for work tomorrow 
so slow @ work today   hopefully tomorrow is a better day!
elated that he is off work, but not looking forward to returning tomorrow 
Finally off work. I don't want to be there at 7 am tomorrow. 
getting ready for work tonight 
that was an interesting show to say the least. recap tomorrow. first i must sleep. work in am. 
back at work  its too warm to be in here today!!!
Why didn't I book today off as well could not be bothered with work the weather is too good to be in here 
@andyroddick At work at the mo and it's so sunny here today   Off to see a band tonight!!
I will get my business coursework done by today. I will. I will.. I won't. 
no work today! went shopping, and now relaxing  &amp;learning for the toefl 
At work I don't like today its nasty outside  can't wait to get home today and clean my house!
I'm too busy at work today...it is interferring with socializing 
Just here at work........just got out of a meeting with my staff.... I had to be the big bad boss today. 
I need to get in a good, hard workout today after work, I feel like I've been slacking! No good 
1st day of work today was a bit tiring but ok lol now onto college work 
@HalestormRocks I wish y'all...unfortunately I won't be able to make it...gotta work my 2nd gig today 
Workout done for today. Now time to get ready for work 
Too busy at work today to trash the cubes of vacationing team members 
boredddddddd, work tomorrow..  and sunday. i hate clarks
Doesnt feel good!  but I cant miss work tomorrow! 
I had a new work picture taken today, hated it, it looks too much like me http://bit.ly/PHjUR  
has on music at work today its so painful 
@acepilot P.S. I hate your work schedule! I wish you could come play tonight 
work soonnnnnn  it's looking rly dead today...
Is soooo NOT ready 2 go 2 work tomorrow. But i HAVE to. 
dizzy today  trying to get better for work tomorrow
babysitting till mother gets home from work...no help today!!!!   
is going to bed soon work tomorrow 
in bed -- eventually sleeping, stupid work tomorrow.   nighttt twitter!
Home from work, headed to bed shortly. I have to work another double day tomorrow starting at 7am. 
doesnt wanna get up for work tomorrow am at all!!! 
and now, bedtime. work tomorrow 12-5 and then my graduation party, which most of you twitterfolk are not attending    poo you all
I was broken yesterday and I'm still broken now. But I've got to go into work early today and do it all over again. 
Not looking forward to getting up at 6am for work tomorrow 
work today 
Wishs she didnt have to go work today! 
sleep work 230-10 today  missed house md tonight booo
work today noooo 
is at work today and everyone is doing really cool stuff in the sunshine except for me 
Leaving for work in a bit. Really bummed out that i'm going to miss the concert  today 
@the_apostate yes, precisely, you're not to wind me up - especially as I've work today  should I remote control servers while tweeting?
i really cant be arsed with work today....why is it always nice when i have to go to work 
good morning everyone! put woodham into order for the first time today to help dad out! now to get ready for work! and it's sunny 
aggghhhh.....my blister is so painfull,i looked so stupid @ work today limping around people lept giving me strange looks 
sooo sunnyyyyyyy out today boooooo im in work 
is wishing she didn't have work today, cause look at the weather!  
I better get ready for work... even if I try to deny that I have to go in today I have to. 
so today i'll be missing out on the sun because i'll be stuck inside at work  fml
Not feeling like finishing the work today... 
doh, work today 
@chasemotter and @zackisrad I wish I didn't have work today 
is at work 8-12 today... stuck in a room with no windows and its so nice out!!  http://plurk.com/p/x72t0
beautiful weather today!!!!!!!!!!!! where will I be? at work 
is at work today 
so, I'm awake and realized that a) I have work till 5 b)bmi justin today and c) no aquarium 
maybe going to the beach after work, got 17knots wind today, hopefully not to much offshore 
bike all back together.. not on with work for the rest of today 
i dont wanna work today! 
@yarngnome hey lindsay- i can't come today   they called and i have to go into work earlier  
work again today. 
work today...ugh 
at work today! 
my shoulder is hurting today  doing some school work and then working 2-9 boo
At work, not looking forward to getting off , i have nothing to do today. 
@samanthaang carina has work  oh well we can still go sunday at noon. i'll give you a call tonight after work. I'm excited 
I really wanna go cycling today.  work instead then I'm free
Home from work-was SO hot in the shop today!I was not feeling it  P.S. the pigeon has flown the nest-I miss that little fethered fiend.
So I'm supposed to have the entire script memorized by tomorrow... looks like I have a lot of work to do today 
well, looks like i need to run into work before going to bed to print out some papers needed for tomorrow morning 
rawr! lol  work 2 - 8:30 today  blech
Ugh...I really don't have the energy to be at work today 
@juiceegapeach I'm good... being lazy also til I need to leave for work. its nice out today and ima miss it  lol
one more hour at work then home to record show #14.  been so boring today 
back at work tomorrow 
at work today and it's actually sunny outside! 
wish i didn't have work today  do damn nice outside
At work.. Managers bein a jerk today 
homeeee.. going out. ready to just relax.  stupid work again tomorrow.   texttt!
Hitting the bed now since I have to be up at 8 for work at 9 tomorrow. The weather's going to be awesome again and I'll be stuck inside. 
i really don't want to get up at 7am for work tomorrow 
@kristykristyy ahaha, work in 10 minutes (Y) gahh it hate it, i could have done something else today 
work today  car is clean xD but still smells a little like eggs. i have a feeling they may have been rotten...
hoping tomorrow goes better. two bad races and garden work today   got a new song or two down though
home from work...boreddd got to see @m_sassy today  missin @kelseygirardot 
Watching taken .work at 8 tomorrow 
ugh. work tomorrow. 
I have being out of work.  And I missed the volunteer fair today thanks to a migraine. 
back from the coast and I'm sooo tired...work tomorrow 
@LexitronAvenue but i have work tomorrow! and oneshots to write! neither of which i can do if im in a crumpled heap on the floor 
@matthewmoloney Not sure yet...I've got some work to do for tomorrow  x
and instead of doing any work today, i will sort out my blog, watch tennis and then probably go out. i have a week of hols left 
Not feeling work today at all 
Just two of us at work today 
Cbf work tomorrow 
At work wishing to be in the sun! and not wanting the maths exam tomorrow 
I'm still super worried about him.....  I will definitely go to the hospital tomorrow.. I'll just get off work early....
work tomorow? 
wish I didnt have to do work today 
tweet tweet...morningggggggg...work today  then i have to study smfh
I don't want to start work tomorrow 
doing some work @ home today....how lovely 
I really don't wanna be at work today 
so much work to do today 
i dont wanna work today. 
joining work tomorrow.. 
Drunk, sunburnt, work tomorrow 
So sick  mo work for me today.
just chillen on the computer, work 3-11 tonight 
Still sick, stupid flu, supposed to start work tomorrow, hopefully I'll be better! 
has finished work for today, and is chillaxing at home before returning to a week of stress tonight 
work today and tomorrow...I guess that means no bike rides for me 
too nice to be in work tomorrow 
just got in from work, shame i missed all the hot sun today REALLY wanted to go beach.  x
Waiting to go to game 3 and then back home omg I'm going to be tired tomorrow for work! 
work tomorrow 
at the beach with mahh girl. work tomorrow 
Ugh work is like a mad circus today and I'm running the show! 
No sports today...all work 
I start back work tomorrow. 
DREADING work today. like really..until midnight? 
is getting sorted for work tomorrow 
@jjuuddggee some of us have work to do slacker.waiting at the aeroport for a plane that won't even leave until tomorrow 
work tomorrow 
i want to finish eclipse today but i have homework at work at 4 
I'm getting my uniform ready for work tomorrow - not looking forward to going in - new manager 
Finally home and showered. Tons of work to do tonight for my finals tomorrow. 
all work, no play for me today. &amp; its such a pretty day outside. 
thinks that work is going to kick my butt today...because it is. im soooo sleepy 
Getting ready for work tomorrow 
Entering my 12th hour of work today. 
I'm drowning in work. Test and 2 presentations tomorrow then getting ready for finals 
@Aliome hols was fabby but great to be back - shame to go into work tomorrow 
Going to bed now, don't want to swear but it's that four letter word tomorrow...... work 
work tomorrow 
nothing works today. i killed my phone 
has alot of strimming to do at work tomorrow, yaaay 
damn no atl today  stupid work, i hate you!
Just got back from work. Should I watch a movie tonight? I have jury duty tomorrow 
already sucks at work. idk if i have a meeting tomorrow. 
Going to bed early because I've got work tomorrow 
thought the jazz concert was cool, but she had work today so she had to leave early 
relaxing...damn got work tonight 
is slappin the bassss. then bed. work tommorow  gnite
was sent home from work today for being ill 
man im tired...work tomorrow 
i really can't be done with work today. i just wanna crawl back into bed 
going to sleep ... feeling sick but has to get ready for work tomorrow well today already 
I so don't want to deal with the machine at work tomorrow...    it's always breaking. boo!!!!
I am not looking forward to getting up early for work tomorrow. 
@BJoie lol i've gotta work tomorrow/today so i can't stay on all night.. my back just hurts and i can't lay down cause it hurts more 
is wanting to  be out in the sun again today not stuck in work 
Morning all back at work today   
working working on a monday...... late shift today.... 
Oh I forgot to mention, I'm probably either going to get fired or coached at work tomorrow for a mistake... yay 
is sadly staying back at work tonight 
thinks it is far too hot to be in work today 
It is too hot to be in work today! woke up to an almost flat sea that looked almost tropical pity I was in seascale 
Its far to hot to be in work today... 
i has work tomorrow   and its cold.     http://tinyurl.com/nttoel
I'll be making up three days of work today at school. Not funnn. 
@nkdaydreamer  wish i was cheerful today - i want to be out in the sun but stuck in the office at work 
work today...  I'm tired
thinking about all the assignment work I should be doing.....I promise tomorrow I will do it!!!!!!!!!! 
@bogwhoppit back at work today. 
On my way into the city today for work. And of course no place to sit on the train 
no picnic for me today  work instead 
in no mood for work today... Or this week 
I hate being sick, I so didn't want to miss work today.  
Starting  back at work today   Looks like it'll be raining for the next couple of days 
@naynuv0 nothing going on for today outside of work.  @tresespieces como estas? lol did i even spell that right?
i've got such a chesty cough today, its awful  only 1 more hour of work, then opticians, to get more contact lenses! hurrah.
Doesn't want to be at work today 
is too tired/ill to go into work today... 
i dont wanna go into work today  its so lovely outside
In work today  wish I was out sunbathing again
I forgot it was payroll at work today 
tired tired tired at work and i have to close tonight...be here until 6:30 
work again today  I wish I was just rich and never had to work again!!!!
tomorrow's working again 
Still feeling very sick today.     But too much work to do to call in sick.
@PinkyNKOTB can't believe our hard work hasn't been acknowledged today 
Just cycled to and from work today, 20miles, way back was in 25C 
work work work free lunch starts tomorrow....guess im not having lunch today 
@peqs No work today for me. I always seem to be not there when you decide to go 
I am sooo tired after last night  work is going to be rough today!
almost barfed at work today 
wants to go to disneyland today. am I the only 1 that didn't have work today? 
so bored... wish I had something to do or someone to talk to... no work today 
Instead of thanking me for all of the hard work i did today, my aunt complained about what i did wrong. 
good intentions of getting off at 5:30 and running. but now it's after 7p and i'm still at work. no working out for me today. 
@richcurrie I am still at work - may be late to, or even miss the call tonight 
Customers are cranky at my work tonight 
@tmwwtim hey timmay! nah giant step tonight. still at work  have fun sonnnnn
in my apt...work was crazy today 
@lizluvsJK @mimi918 @8or @joemaclover @michellecpa @glossymom just the feeling I have today from people... at work and online 
dying at work, swicthed work because the babes aren't playing anymore tomorrow 
WTF work tomorrow 
@sarahkate1 i lined cutted the leaving work line today  but only because that way i was walking out with my carpoolee peeps.
So tired, work again tomorrow  I need a break
@dizzysyd I'll be in bed then.  It'll have to wait until tomorrow after work.  
is at work. Its so cold today 
its too hot to sleep! Not going to be in the best of moods at work today 
I was so exhausted after work today that i passed out and no ones phone calls woke me up (sorry guys!). Now i cant sleep 
starting work tomorrow. fun summer is over 
he never let's me sleep ! lol; I'm really off to sleep now twitterbugs; got work tomorrow 930 - 4.  nighties &lt;3!
had an awesome study session today!  work allllll day tomorrow 
Just checked my work email - I can tell tomorrow is going to be very stressful 
a lot of office work today 
work today 
Doesnt like work much today 
is loving the sun(h) but is not out in it, because he don't feel too good! ..yet he's still at work today  lol!
Has an appraisal in work today  nervous much x x
hot weather = bad tempered teenagers. loving work today not. 
handed in 2 out of 4 essays. still haven't done any work today tho 
Lots to do today, no golf  just work, work, work. Waiting for a PhilDev can be very frustrating.
dnw work tomorrow 
work times two today      im so ready to be done with the hospital !
The generator broke at work  so looks like no money for me today.
work.....still exhausted from yesterday, wishes she can go back to bed 
Not feeling for work today... 
Oops - forgot to leave work so have to get the next train back will be home late tonight 
Today is very ugh at work today 
ugh. I don't like today.i  much prefer tomorrow. boo leaving for work in an hour 
@ work....working the late shift today 
bored...no work for me today, it's too cold to open the pool. 
ugh! i start work tomorrow! 
Lot of work today. I want my bed 
@KarlaWraight one big bar of choc for you.not up to much.just feeling really hot.work tomorrow  you up to much?
is at work... i sooo wish i could be at bible study tonight 
@ginogagaza, missed you at work today bok  hope you're feeling better!
blahhhhhhh i fuked up at work yesterday  not good ....
done with homework... finally! just for today.... 
@leidmei Were you at work today?  I didn't see you. 
@meganpaige I worried there for a bit  how was work today?
there is work to be done tonight 
going to bed. work tomorrow night 
still awake researching assisted living facilties for work.  Meeting tomorrow at 9 am. This bites!  #fb
9pm and i havent started the final research paper thats due tomorrow by midnight. little hard to ignore geneviette and do work 
So tired today for some strange reason, and I have lots of work to do 
today only physically present at work  ..mentally absent...
do not want to go to college today, still got epic media work to do 
So they just announced that ppl who are living away from work not to come tomorrow.. Why O why I am living near the place  #CairoSpeech
I have a lot of stuff to do at work today 
work today  its still nice aswell...gutted!
Is hoping today won't be too bad at work! Although I have got so much to do!! 
dam i have work tonight 
Not feeling well today, off work in bed. 
work at 2:45 today 
not feeling work today   ....do i ever?
@twinkle47 tomorrow  and I've left my highway code at work!!
getting ready for work tomorrow 
Up late today, gotta work tonight 
I do not feel like being at work today. 
left work...I was pretty useless there today 
@ftjl it's paid for by work... just received the report of evryones consumption today. I'm 2nd highest 
nerding up/procrastinating doing my physiotherapy/dreading work tomorrow morning 
Oh my Goooooood, to much work to do today...  i hope i have enough time to do everything!
drinking an ice coffee and thinking about what i should do today. oh yeah- work. 
None of my work buddies are in the office today  its very quiet, not to mention lonely, here.
no work today due to rain  bittersweet because i need the $$$$$ haha
is so not feeling work today. take me home 
Finally done for today. More work once I get home  urgh
So its raining and I forgot my umbrella  @lovefrankie you better be at work today...the sweat shop won't be the same without you lol
Really cannot be arsed with work today. Blahhh 
At work, today I feel so so tired, I think I'm incubating a cold 
Almost finish today's works...... just feel sleepy and tired now. 
i lookk so gothic today haaha. and i hate work 
is dreading work tonight  
work is going to go slow today. i know it. marvin is enjoying himself at disneyland while i have to deal with difficult clients 
So I haven't gotten much of a chance to be on here lately because of work and I won't be on here today either. 
k, i think i am done with work today, however the sun is being taken over by clouds right now 
@sunnygirl82 @slybabyk I'm working tonight  But I might go before work...
@bramveen You'll get mine later tonight...  I'm still at work now 
doesnt wanna work today 
work is no fun today 
I need to run today after work - the house mikey and I were looking at has 6 bids and we can't keep up. 
I need to do work today 
tired...work tomorrow 
@blueparrot2 it'll probably take rest of today to catch up with work stuff  
At work today is gonna be a long day  12-10 at work AGHHHH
@Nonicam yeah i can understand even though i have work tomorrow 
I don't feel like work today. 
reformatting my resume while I wait for my interview... no work on set for me today!  
Covering for M at work today, and bummed I can't train bjj tonight.  
My feet hurt terribly! I can't really stand at work today 
@sky14kemea  just overcast here. I'm happy 'cos I got to &quot;work&quot; today xD
I don't want to be at work today. I wish I would have called in. 
work today and tomorrow. blah i have no life 
is done with work at 3p today..yayyyyyy...but its raining 
what shall i do today after work?  my babe won't be home until late 
at work pissed cause @pleasurep is in philly today and i wanted to meet him  maybe next time.(sighs)
got sick yesterdayy  stayed home today &amp; got work at 5.
is lying in bed watching scrubs instead of being out and about..not feeling too well and i have work tomorrow 
@YOUNGHARLEM99 sounds like me...I dunno what to do after work today 
kinda bummed i didnt get to go out today  but maybe later. stupid work! now chilling till pedicures at six!
managed 2 work 4 three hrs. today. back to bed 
wow today was again hectic at work. hardly any communication with my hunny @sallytj 
I'm so tired. And i don't want work tomorrow. 
ready to sleep for work tomorrow 
@keepitfierce nah. not tonight. i need to be able to function tomorrow for school work 
work today  waaaaaaa still sick, money calls though
at work till 2:30 tonight 
work tomorrow  bad times really cba
@tonyseven, Unfortunately not today. There still is a lot of work to be done. 
super bored and suddenly super tired.  and I think I have to be at work for 7:30 tomorrow morning.  grosssssss 
Especially considering i will need to be at work tomorrow at like 7 
so insanely tired... work from 3am to 10 and then redoing the flooring and painting in my room. no gym today 
Ysdbhjbvydkfjfdla that's how I feel from work today 
@__lifeSAVER I get off work at 9:30 tomorrow 
I really wish I didn't have stupid work tomorrow 
@hellokitty730 I gotta work tomorrow 
Morning tweets, in work now and it's really quiet let's see what fin jobs we have today then 
work tomorrow 
im sick  and still gotz work tomorrow
up. getting ready for work---working a double today... 
got work at 2 today should be fun   
bed time work tomorrow!!! 
The kids are running me ragged  hard work today. MrsB is off having a lovely time.
NOT in the mood for work today 
getting ready for work now  close today!! ahh we dont even close till 10 wtf!
Doing college work  o well there is nowhere to go today as the weather is poor, unlike last week where it was lovely.
There should me a law against making people work on nice days!!  It is gorgeous today!!  70 and sunny!  And I'm stuck at work 
I hate work  I don't want to go today
has got to be back at work tonight...hoping to get sleep today....everyone's home and the landscapers have very loud machines 
@yargion I need brake work on the van too.  Should go do that today since I have it off.
feeling yucky today. i hate work. celebrating abbis birthday if i can move. ewww sickyness. 
@bloodycountesss yeah, I keep forgetting today's the citywide garage sale up there. I'm @ work until 6. 
@FUNKYENGINE I would but I gotta work tomorrow.... 
sick today, had to leave work 
grrr I just found out that I will be at work during @KalebNation 's live blogtv today. And it's not even a higher paying managing shift 
work.... again.  today will suck- death shift from 1-9:30 again.  and it'll be hot and sunny 
kelsie left early this morning  work 5-close today.
snuggled up in a big hoody. not looking forward to getting up at 8am for work tomorrow 
I am yawny! And I have a long ways to go today to get my work done  gonna be putting in extra hours today for sure.
getting ready to leave for work.... then work early tomorrow then to columbia 
My mac is so ridiculously slow I can't actually get any work done now that I've eventually got to my desk. Not what I need today 
i still have not seen the hangover   hopefully i can catch it tomorrow morning before work. as for now, im off to work. woe is me.
No work grrr  wow jesus must have some bomb plans4me cuz nothing is going my way today.
back from work...too windy to play golf today  and my face is about to burn off
ughhhhh i have work later at 3 pm       x 8765432389785675 sad faces!!
is going to bed now after a day of hard work - looks like I need to do some more work tomorrow 
Has nothing to look forward to after work tonight. 
Trying to relax after the hard work that i did today. i started deep cleaning for my room 
I am done at work for today.  Have to go back tomorrow  day 15
goood morning, work again today! I think im getting sick  x
Closing at work tonight and wishing people would visit. 
work was good today...but not good enough 
did lawn work today. broke the mower, again 
just got off work n is tired, have to do this all over again tomorrow then mon, 
8 hour work shifts suck major ass  I have to do it all over again tomorrow too.
sleeping.. stupid work tomorrow 
Fucking high and peeing in a bush with work tomorrow 
sleeping...work way to early tomorrow 
going to my brother for some painting.... a lot of work to do today 
scared to go into work tomorrow  
I hate to do this so early but the meds are getting to me and I need to sleep. I'm SO screwed for work tomorrow 
major lack of sleep  work early tomorrow/today
Still no sign of baby. Looks like I'll be at work tomorrow  lol
Blargh working today 
sunday's almost over already  still not recharged for work tomorrow...ugh.
stress at work tomorrow 
So much work to do today 
getting ready for work, going to work 12 hours today yikes 
i havent felt well for a week and i have to start work tomorrow 
finished with doing college work,  ALOT more tomorrow 
getting ready for work...do I really have to go today? 
work today &amp; im very sick 
its beautiful out to bad this means that work is going to be very busy tonight 
I'm at work, I'm so bored and most of the customers are just rude today I want to go home 
@_kristaMarie I totally agree with you sucky part for me I can't even take tylenol and I have work today 
Not in the mood for work at all today 
Ah going 2 work today 
cleaning the house and prepairing for work tomorrow 
I'm tired think i'll have a early night got work at 6 tomorrow  but its money for some recording gear
very tired, and nervous about work experience tomorrow  don't like nerves 
is bummed hubby got called into work today  spending today alone
it's too beautiful to be at work today 
There was no way I could stay at work today. I couldn't hold in my tears 
Lalala....bored at work and wondering why nobody will talk to me today 
trying not to think about work tomorrow 
Not doing much today... just laundry and groceries... its sad being alone again, it allows me to be nervous about work 
TRYING desperately to go out tonight.  Revisions need to be made, waiting on those, quiz is due yesterday (got extention), so much work.  
got work tomorrow 
aarrgghh back to the work dungeon tomorrow 
at home, trying to finish a very long assignment that is due tomorrow, so bored. I hate doing work 
It's not hurricane weather out today and I'm stuck at work 
work tomorrow will be hideous with such little sleep 
I really don't fancy going to my work placement tomorrow. Then again, I didn't go last week, so I guess I have to! 
At home, work was stressful  but oh well hope tomorrow is better
is dreading going into work tomorrow...the dungeon awaits  No fair!
Is hoping that work isn't to hard on me tomorrow 
uhhhhrr work &amp; class tomorrow 
ugh thinking bout work tomorrow is a little depressing 
going to bed, another work week starts tomorrow 
what's happening at the finals? sux i cant watch today. work it is. i miss my computer 
So buggered from school today and I have work still to go 
Home from work. Only saw my brother for a moment today. 
@redneckengineer yay! i start my work week tomorrow. 
not feeling so well.. and its raining again..  good thing i dont have work today.. i'm missing my babe so much..
@SoonieSoonSoon no i couldn't  i have a test tomorrow that i had to study for and work all night...you?
brought a thin cardi for work today when it's freezing cold in the office 
Is back at work today after a week off! 
missed ellen today  totally shattered.... as for work all i have to say is hmmmmmm
@EdenVonSleaze no I'm old &amp; have work tomorrow. 
hope I can get off work early today...this headache is really killing me 
I wanna stay home today, I don't want work experience 
i'm interested to see how i function @ work tomorrow. i have to wake up in 2 hrs. hahhaha....not really though. 
I am...once again...up way to late for the amount of work I have to do tomorrow 
is at work today  wish i could just be lazy at home
so i am home. uhg i hate walking in the creepy dark!! I am going to upload some pictures now and then get to bed! work early tomorrow 
last piece of work in today and ive broke my toe 
Nooot impressed that everyone has taken today off work 
@Divvi work in general  depressing today :|
is the only fool at work today 
@WhiteArrows phone was stolen on saturday night  I'm at work til 6 today...meet after?
still in bed .. tonight work from 6 till 11 
doesn't want to be in work today 
So today everyone is at work.....except me! 
i feel a bit rubbish today, think its just being extremely tired and stress over work 
sigh. work still piling on....must get through thisssssssssss. can't have another repeat of today 
sore tooth...heading to the dentist after work tomorrow 
I have to work today. I hate work. 
not feelin so gd today  doin some web work from home!! visit us for a live chat on www.bullseyeuk.com!!!!
dreading work experience tomorrow 
Not ready for work tomorrow. Still feeling poorly 
really cannot b bothered with college today, but gotta get all my work sorted as not long left 
another week of work starts today 
thinking what a beautiful clear blue sky today   and I'm at work 
soooo bored today want to be at home doing stuff not sat in work doing nothing  
hot at work today 
I really don't want to be at work today! 
I'm praying that I don't pass out at work today, I couldn't even take a full shower without laying down. 
@abbyyyy__ cause twitters better and im in bed and i didnt finish the work i had to do today cause i got confussed 
i really don't like coffee but i had to have one today, soooo tired  @ work
So much work to do today 
we had to do work today in admin 
isn't up for work today. ohhh welllll. 
back to work today   only 15 days of work left for me... having mixed feelings about that.
Whoops - slept in today. I guess no run before work 
I have pretty much lost my voice, I hope work isn't busy today 
@TBabEZz I got work tomorrow 
Trying to not be sick at work may not work out for me today 
Wowwww computers at work are sooo slowww today. Feels unproductive  ahhh
have to get annual physical at work today 
sian. I just reached home. And there is work tomorrow 
blood work drawn today...my arm hurts 
Finishing off some work in peace and quiet before public holiday tomorrow 
@dazedp3nguin lucky! i go into work at 2:15 today. 
very very sick today  had to call out from work... which i reeeally didn't want to do.
rough! And back in work today  sad times all round!
@annapay9 gahh just remembered i have my charity elizabeth house work tomorrow...  not cool.
ugh i am really really really dreading work today  having a case of the modays was bad enough in assist.... i dont wanna do it in approach
HATEEE being sick! i felt like i was going to pass out all morning  getting ready for work now. sorry i cant make it to dinner tonight ...
good morning! got work sooon and a finite  test tomorrow. I haven't done my hw and missed class today 
@aaronasay... I haven't made it into work.  can we talk on the phone sometime later? Or should I come in tomorrow?
@andychapman09 no. Not getting drunk  have stupid work tomorrow. It's been a while since you have drunkenly updated us.
@sarahdr182 yea i'll have to ring them tomorrow at work  yet more bloody money
I need to go work out, but having to really talk myself into it today 
i'm proud of myself, no browsing at work today (besides checking news). too bad that includes forgetting to download #weeds 
Still at work. I hope my super fixed the shower today. 
@AmyKachurak I should have given you my grocery list. I forgot to go food shopping today after work.  
I will be at work until at least 915 tonight 
I'm hoping the rain stops before I finish work because I wore sandals today 
Today is very  without @ParisG to entertain me at work
@sHaDzTa I had a lot of fun!!! Unfortunamente I'm back home and will be back at work tomorrow 
I start work tomorrow 
work @ 6am tomorrow 
Home from work. I wonder how many calories I've burned. I've eaten 2091 calories today. I'm hungry. 
 i... have to start... work... tomorrow......................
work &amp; practice tomorrow 
stupid boy is off work today. I want to be home too 
@michellexox lmao to our discoveries! wish our detective work would have gone better though!  can't wait for our adventure tomorrow! haha
@xoxmichelle lmao to our discoveries! wish our detective work would have gone better though!  can't wait for our adventure tomorrow! haha
is soo tired..work at 9 tomorrow til 530 
I don't want to go to bed. I'm exhausted but I don't want tomorrow to come yet. Just more work 
is at work early today 
@ridz84 Anyone going or tweeting live from there? =p, working today 
i totally work tomorrow stupid work 
@missyface I've been off work yesterday and today with similar symptoms - I feel your pain 
washing my face of marshmallow lol and then beddy!! work in the am followed by work in the pm 
@bluecrystalsky also, we got capes at work today. when kate opened the box i screamed 'YEAH CAPES' and no one got it. 
I am still at work and probably going to be here forever tonight!!!! So effin tired!!!! 
will have to put in a few hours of work today 
Now i am going to sleep..tomorrow is going to suck  contemplating calling out of work
@ work again! No sun today! its a bit miserable! 
helping out at frank's work today 
have a bitch of a sore throut.....i have a feeling i wont be doing much today   work in half..catch you guys later *waves*
on the ferry home now and back to the drudgery of work tomorrow 
@BrandyandIce very sleepy  but busy at work.....thanks for asking thou. How are u today???
sigh.. work today 
@simplyM10 im fine too! just arrived at work! its very cold today 
I been doing to much thinking and didn't sleep well.  I am going to be dragging today at work 
It is to hot to be at work today  
Up early today to a) finish project due @ 1 b) finish a project due @ at midnight c) study for midterm tomorrow Condensed semesters = 
back at work today after glorious fortnight off. back to the real world 
Hopefully I can get a doctors appointment today..keep fingers crossed!!! I can't take the pain anymore   work is going to be fun &quot;/
@Greyelk urgh god even worse that means im back at work tomorrow 
Man work i gotta work today! 
I cannot wait to finish work today, the atmosphere is not good 
@madelinejenny i have to get up at 6 for work tomorrow  i tried calling you, call me!
back at work today... still feeling crummy... 
@aprilsaphire me too! I prob won't be home till 11- I have work &amp; a million things today 
Not much work done today! It's worrying the wall we stall! I might have to work this weekend... again 
in a serious shopping mood today...too bad i'm stuck at work 
Looks good today despite having to wear her work out undergarments. 
I need someone to talk to its so slow today at work 
headache. not feeling real good. do NOT feel like being at work today 
Not even half way through work today, bummer 
saradurante Just deleted 2 hrs worth of work and I can't find it anywhere-starting over ugh                 I feel your pain today!
Missed the bus! No work for me today, I guess. 
thinkin' about work tomorrow... boohoo 
dreading work today 
dont work today! but has no plans yet 
Trying to get work off for attack attack! tomorrow but its not working. 
see? no work today and no sun!!  
is back 2 work tomorrow 
Not so productive at work today 
crown work today makin' me numb and sad and broke 
not much left of work, too bad I have to go to class tonight 
too much work I won't be able to work out today  this sucks.
so not up for work today 
@kderentz the guy said no he couldn't take me till at least 330 maybe later so that didnt work  tomorrow i guess
So looks like I have some follow up website work to do from this meeting today. I should probably start on it since I can't row tonight 
I have to stay at work till 8:30 tonight 
@karluvmost Today's work was really fucked up... 
wishing someone would go make me company at work tomorrow, I'll be there alone from 4pm to 10pm 
@imhayleykthnx and I am at work. I couldn't bring you a snow cone today. 
Last piece of work done and ready to be handed in tomorrow - can't believe how quickly 3 years have gone!!! 
washing my own hair.... this might take a few hours ugh damn alex for not being at work today 
arg, it's getting late now over here - 2 am  - and I got work to do tomorrow... Though, wouldn't be the first time I didn't get slept -_-
Fever is persisting, so I'm staying home from work tomorrow 
lounging... tomorrow work. 
good morning ..... no office today but still have to finish my work at home 
@jeredscott i'm sorry I haven't been able to chat! You keep catching me at bad times at work  tomorrow??
@MiguelSeagull me too ^^ but arewakf. I have to finish this work up for tomorrow  I'm going to have to say goodnight
home from work, working a double tomorrow... 
is heading to bed, i dread work tomorrow 
I actually accomplished some real work today. I feel a tad better. Going to workout then work more to make up for failing this month. 
on my way to office......lot of work today 
Just got off work with the worst headache ever  wasn't too bad tonight though.
@moosala nahh i'm soo tired from work today. And i have cleaning and laundry to do 
@TaraNicolePDGG I wish I could but I'm already missing work today and tomorrow  I seriously hope they tour next year
going to bed..work &amp; babysitting tomorrow 
My back is killing me at work tonight 
okay bed time. work at 9 tomorrow. 
Long day at work today, no truck but we have a 2300 peice truck tomorrow yaaah 
work at ten a.m. tomorrow!  goodnight my loves!
@_CorruptedAngel morning! how are you today?got anything exciting planned or is it work, work, work like me 
Nothing to do at work today 
... and today we need to sit at work again 
@Harishk Naaaah ... no chance of that today.. have a lot of work to do 
is off work today! still not feeling very well! 
I'm hoping to be able to sleep tonight. I got that work thing tomorrow. 
Still no work for me today. 
but im in work tomorrow  i want os 3.0 today
It's too beautiful outside to be on the bus, but after-work plans are keeping me off of my bike today. 
Not at work today. 
got soaked walking to work today. done all my work already too! 
What to be at home and at work today 
What to be at home today and not at work 
is sleepy work till 1 then a nap!! which sound good right now! No shuttle launch today 
ahh, proper boss is back in work today. No more tweeting for a while 
Still not so many works to do today 
is feeling poorly.  bed and trying for some sleep. I still have work tomorrow ...
back in college today 2 weeks left to do alot of work 
off to the gym, got work tonight 
i hate it when work gets in the way of the gym.  No abs of steel for me today. 
Today, not in a mood to do work 
@jeffsonderman I was disapointed when I went to update before leaving for work.  I wanted something to play with today.
@wemnar and I left early for work today only to get caught in bad traffic  
I need more than a hug or virtual twug today - bad times in work today  roll on 5 o'clock!
Staying home sick today   funny, I'd rather be at work.....
Hey @Zirro I'm not happy either and it's 6:30 am here. LOL  I'm going to be at work when it ships. I won't get it until tonight 
stayin home from work today...i'm siiiick 
iPhone update now slated for 1 pm today?!  so much for playing with it at work...sad.
SOOOOOOOOOO glad i can sleep in tomorrow... but then have work to do 
work is horrible today  would much rather be at home listening to radio 1.
is doing the house work today trying to take me mind off it all 
I'm NOT feeling this whole work thing today. Also have homework I need to finish. 
Jeans noticeably tighter at work today. 
I hate going to the doctor, going today after work  rather go home and play with my pussycat that keeps playing with mice?!?!
@annika would love to -- but unfortunately i am not there today -- at work 
getting ready for work  8 hours today
working working working today!  later a picnic but it is suppose to rain 
arghh!  i'm the only one at work today. This is without doubt going to suck. YAY for wednesday!
i can't concentrate on work , no inspiration today 
I actually did no work at college today and i'm still absolutely shattered 
At work  beach tomorrow!!!
All alone at work today 
right on with work  cant concentrate at all today, again)
Hardly any work for me today   @AijaBerry what's so bad about windows 7?
I'm so tired today I could just sleep. Doesn't help thinking that when ur at work and there are things to do 
Starting out today with 13 lovely hours at work 
working working working - how boring am I today 
@sophievictoriaa true that didnt even have a tantrum today went in handed in some work, didnt get chance to look at dresses tho 
I hope today goes by fast...really dont feel like going into work. Its SO hot here! 
@DonnieWahlberg I keep sending you twugs...but am supposed to be workin' it.  It's so boring at work today.  
@PaulaNiht i've burst into tears three times today at work 
work was shit today. like actual shit. back there in the morning though 
1 down, 3 to go .... work tonight 
Tired!!!  Lots of work today!!!
scared about work now  even my terrifying manager is telling me she had no clue what to do today. 
is so tired and getting ready for work tomorrow, early start 
is enjoying her days off of work..but back to work tomorrow.. 
Someone gave me a backhanded compliment at work today 
Tired!!!  Lots of work today!!!
@xxPat aww (; i will still try to render the video tomorrow :/ it better work 
bed time i think.......work tomorrow  nanight x
packinggg then new ro for the nite..work so early tomorrow its disgustinggg 
Heading to chinatown for eats after work...i deserve it after the asshole i dealed with today 
ugh work tomorrow 
about to go to bed... work tomorrow 6 a.m. uhhhhhhhhhhhh 
@PrettyMsP @ work  we close late today
goal for today: get 3/4 of my paper done before i go to sleep. hopefully i can sleep tonight 
bored and tired did alot of house work today 
still feeling craptastic   hopefully i'm fine by tomorrow,i have work 8-4...
off to bed, work tomorrow 
Last week i went to get some blood work done so that i could be tested for celiac And i get the results tomorrow 
bah work tomorrow, and lunch alone 
absolutly exhausted, not excited for work tomorrow 
i just got done eating some crawfish at babyy kaylas house. it was delicious, now im going to go to bed since i have work tomorrow 
I sooo should keep doing my notes for tomorrow because I will be so behind. But I don't want to do work at home 
Approaching 4,000 Updates... Unfortunatly I'll be at work tomorrow and won't know which on is the 4,000th 
*sigh* couldn't go out with family today because of work backlog 
need to figure out a way to get off work tomorrow and make it to tucson!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhh 
I am not  in a working  mood today  I do not know why I hate Thursdays ...
work tomorrow...err..today...booooo! 
@djstephfloss you were busy working hard...can't interrupt that! LOL it was my bday today too! 
Cleaning weapons at work.. No lunch today 
No computer at work today  rubbish, should be allowed to go home early i think
work 7:30-3:30  bowling with the kids today  hope today flies by
Sitting at work. No cinema tonight 
I totally slept in today! I was late for work!! I'm such an idiot.  All this work is catching up to me.  I don't feel so good. 
that means I gotta get work done today guys 
Not looking forward to driving home tomorrow after work  Going to be stuffed after a mega week
@markusrill: work tonight *sniff* 
At work today. Yay more money. 9 to 6 though 
Goodmorning  gettin ready for work.... What's up for today?
thought work was insane yesterday 
work feels so boring today.. 
no work today. still woke up super early. the weather sucks so i cant go read in the public gardens  sooo, netflixing.
@cloudgazer If I cut the grass tomorrow afternoon I shall think of you at work 
@ work. probably not a good idea to not wear the glasses today, now i have a headache 
So much work to do today  and why are strange children hanging around my front door???
I think I'm skippin out work today to go to the hospital instead...  I'm having severe stomach pain... Just waitin to be picked up 2go..
work today after 5 days off 
@benivy I won't get my precious precioius until I get home from work tomorrow 
is alone at work today. 
at work not working   only two appointments on my book today
I was really looking forward to donuts today since I didnt have any breakfast, but none showed up at work. 
won't be on much again tomorrow... back at the work site  http://plurk.com/p/11z9h5
@CHRISDJMOYLES where can i find todays pictures of aled? i was at work this morning and didn't hear the show 
Pretty much done all my work for today. What to do for the remaining 4 1/2 hours? If only I still had that paddle ball! 
I was an hour late for work today 
@BeMelicious @deviantlysweets i actually had to do work today 
going to club underground tonight. work is boring 
at the neighbours because my computer doesnt work  .. getting it fixed tomorrow though yay !!
Going back to work from break  at least i dont work tomorrow.
early at work today.. hohuummm. still feeling a bit sleepy 
I'm so happy it's friday tomorrow.. work was long today  .. so tired..
as i left work today i was thinking &quot;I am done, take me home. She gave up a long time ago &quot; 
*sigh* fucken work blows.... gotta work tomorrow 6-2.... 
reorginazation at work today.  I am moving down stairs.  
Bad work out today I had no strength or energy. 
took a short nap now i dont feel good. i should have worked out today. work at 6:45am once again tomorrow 
was late for work today cause my cat decided to pee on my work clothes. wonderful. and marianas trench is sold out. also wonderful. 
i burnt my hand on soup today at work ... fail 
no gym today, too much work.......no one cares it is friday 
work seemed so long andboring today  my feets hurttt
good night work tomorrow 
going to bed have to get up early tomorrow for work 
why wont my picturses work  going to bed. then work tomorrow!!!
work at 2:30 tomorrow  goodnight!
I hope I don't show up late for work tomorrow.  
I'm actually pretty sad that i almost got sent home from work today. At least i was completely oblivious to how i fucked up. 
My head  I'm never as bad as this - and its work today 
...............bored at work today 
Why can't i sleep?!? I'm exhausted! And i have to be at work even earlier today 
@smudge372 not really....gotta work tomorrow 
work @ 12:30 tomorrow 
@abhiram sunday ? i have work tomorrow 
really don't feel like doing any work today-but everyone else seems to be 
TGIF!! What is everyone up to today? getting ready for work..its going to be a busy day 
have to say goodbye to a good friend at work today.  
hmm. thunderstorms across michigan. no lawn work or bike riding today. 
No work today 
@bigmama1039 wish I could but he is on a cruise ship til monday  and I can actually call today-no work 4 me!! O well
arggh work tomorrow 12-8 ...... 
@Lajefa17 yeah u should... some of us is AT work already... and whassup with the full staff meeting today?  i thought it was grade time 
staying home from work today b/c mack is sick 
I am at work &amp; I do NOT want to be here today. 
@nizzy_ i might no be able to go until later on, got work tonight to 10 
Hanging around until work today at 4 
@dforget sigh  i was hoping to see an update on here from you to see what you were up to today... maybe no work? ... sooo. sesh?
Is at work very early today 
Not really doing anything at all at work today 
@Madonnaboy80  just hanging at work today 
@LIrunner9 I want to run today too.  It will have to be after work. I hate that my track is under construction  
working from home today - need to walk to get food but my work bb is dead  dilemia! need to take it with me hmmm ...
i have a night off work tonight! back at work tomorrow though 
work today...  
found out how to listen to music on my new laptop. about to get ready for work today 
work today 
just woke up house cleaner is here...work tomorrow 
has no internet at work today. 
would say im happy its friday, but i have 2 work tomorrow. 
today was so-so lots of work, AHH i need @jonasbrothers tickets 
Long week so was hoping work mates would invite me to join them for lunch today. Never mind. 
Feeling a little under the weather at work today.. 
@LuckyRivera just got home from that workshop...exhausted!  I gotta work tonight too 
im at work and got an hour to go, YAY! but, im feeling so fat and icky today, well, lately... i think i'm gaining weight 
Oh man, FINALLY off work! It was super busy today 
Hoping work is short and sweet tonight...i'm so exhausted. 
I'm not even kidding...I am pretty sure they poisoned me at the work bbq today. I am laying in the sick room right now. 
work tomorrow 
Finally home from work after seeing some off favorite people  only 1 was doing a bit odd to me today 
got fucked over with work today. don't know how i'm going to deal with that. stress i do not need!  oh well. life's too short..
work tomorrow 8-445 
I'm on my much needed break at work...I feel like crap today 
3 days til I'm 21! Double at work tomorrow  I'm already so tired
sleeping early tonight! working all morning tomorrow! 
its just wrong i have to wake up at 5am for work tomorrow 
Ugh work so early tomorrow!  workin at the pool then amf
just got home.. and not ready to start work at 9am tomorrow 
Thinking what to do tonight cuz tomorrow..I'll be stuck at work till 11 
tired. going to bed! work tomorrow 
i wish maury was on too sarena!!! ha!!!!  ... bored, got burnt at work today 
ah! work at 930 tomorrow! that;s super early for me! haha 
@plaidpony hope tomorrow is a success. i will be at work 
Going into round 2 of open mic performances  tired...work tomorrow 8:30am!!!
@Jblover45 yaaaaaay! I don't. I have work early tomorrow 
@MsHeather069 haha, because it was 4am derr.. I have work tomorrow morning.. I'm gonna be all alone  sadness .. k 'night
In bed trying to go to sleep cause i have work at 8am tomorrow but i can't sleep cause my back hurts real bad 
just got off work  has to go back tomorrow
Dreading tomorrow at work 
is on work today 
So tired, hardly slept  donny tonight, work first...
really doesn't fancy work today  and what to do after?!
@nitchxo I cba to go into work today   what do I do?!
@007peter sorry for today. So tired.  I hate work.
packed near enough everything up ready for tomorrow now im just gettin ready for work 
@tonimarienet work tonight 
Still in bed :/ need to shower and eat toast before work. I think today is going to drag 
went out last night with guys from work and woke up with a hang over and had to  work today 
Does NOT want to goto work today 
@jimmy92233 i would but i have to force myself to sleep...i have work at 1 tomorrow til 8 ugh 
is afraid she won't be paid for the work she did today 
Its going to be 100 degrees today pray I don't pass out at work 
work tommorow 
geez work was shit today 
Finished work. Another shift tomorrow 
is sat watching the world go by at work.......missing boyzone tonight to 
@PhatCrayonz I'm at work today too.  how have you been doing?
more work    at least tomorrow should be fun
I'll be back at work tonight. 
no work today... again 
For some reason work feels so loooong today 
@Stedic I work Saturdays, so nope -- I'm back at work again today. 
painting now, closing at work later....no fun today 
I can't motivate myself to do any work today    Being a business owner is tough. You just get tired sometimes...
is waiting for the clock to countdown for work tonight 
today is dragging  nearly time for work now
long shift at work today  
emily has to leave tomorrow. sad . i start work on monday. also sad 
No work at 8am today so I got to sleep in, yay! But I still have to go in later 
...injured myself at work today...grmpf... hurts...need a painkiller! 
Not excited for 10 hours of work today... 
Getting ready for work. I seriously don't want to go today. I'm so tired! 
@Thewie72 well to check, hadnt ask about your pool for while so it become forgotten ;) oh well more work for you tomorrow and monday   x
tomorrow finally home!! monday work 
hated work today, wayy to busy and farr to stressful 
I'm really tired and have work again tomorrow  I hate work at the moment... It's so poo!!
been london all dat. sooo tired. work tomorrow 
wahhh I got to get up tomorrow for work so no lie in this weekend 
@smearedeyes haaa damnn. i have work tomorrow...again 
had to take off work...to much going on today 
sooooo much work to do....and the rain doesn't help...tomorrow looks to be more of the same 
Dreading work. Hopefully we aren't busy. Long night and tomorrow ahead of me. 
@amysav83 not really but i do have to be up at 7am tomorrow  for work 
work tomorrow  booo
@Tiianaaa poor daddy. I pulled all these muscles in my back last night @ work. Can barely move  &amp; to top it off.. i have to work today.
I'm glad I could make my granddad smile today, now time to go home and get ready for work tomorrow! 
I knew today would suck at work.... 
wants to finish her stupid hw so she can go to bed before work tomorrow 
thinking of going to bed bc i have work tomorrow at 9 
@jalapena2004 right after work  I rather go on thursday when I'm off
I really dont want to wake up for work tomorrow 
work tomorrow. everyones leaving 
Going to sleep work tomorrow seriously there should be some law about working on Sundays what do u think 
Is not gonna see any of the sunny day today.... Why? U ask cause I'm at work 
can't be bothered with work at all tonight! 
http://twitpic.com/7zudc at work today so boring 
headache, tummyache... must be the thought of work tomorrow  blurrgh
says be back for work tomorrow.........................  http://plurk.com/p/12o1y0
going to bed. work experience tomorrow  wish it was holidays!!!!
sleeeepy timessssss blehhhh work tonight 
Hoping the dev-team get Ultrasn0w released today, otherwise, i got no phone for work tomorrow 
work tomorrow... unfun 
starting to worry  work today {11-4}
 i gotta work today
rain !!!! not the wished for circumstance tp work outside today...  
work today. I am so tired 
good weekeeeeend. work tomorrow 
work.. cant go to the gym today 
work  today sucks. call or text #squarespace #trackle
work -_- i hope i have off tomorrow wif james 
@GenevieveDanger when do you leave? I gotta work tomorrow 
Not feeling too good today  called out of work. Gmom and uncle went to the hospital.
tired and gotta work today!!! i have to study so someone better take my shift 
No work today for me  dentist and doctor's appointment, yuck!
Two of the 6 people who are supposed to be at work today are sick, and there's nothing to do. 
work is no fun today 
UPS tried killing me with a box at work today! 
@DonnieWahlberg today I am feeling extra irritated at the stupidity of people who are supposed to be in a position of power at work  help
I'm barely getting off work.  dead tired. work 5am tomorrow. shiiiiiiit!
Off of work, finally it sucked today 
a little queasy from all the work i did today. i hope i get the chance to go out tonight. no one eva wants to chill 
off to sleep...work tomorrow 
back to work tonight    Too much to do today before work though
needs to get off his rear, shower, and go finalize that job... ugh. I'm too lazy today. 
i dont wanna work today. i miss my @dayyoldhate i have so much ish to tell youuu. 
@hisydneyxo i know  but it's okay! i gave them to my mom yesterday so she could mail them from her work. she will send them out tomorrow!
@BajaFreshIdaho that sounds lovely, but I can't leave work today. 
talking to my friendon face book not looking forward to going into work today 
@dream0176  maybe you can get one after work or even tomorrow.
@tdots is the draft today? Who drafted who? I'm at work 
Watched a movie with my sister and now I'm off to bed, work tomorrow 
Almost off work, not looking forward to walking outside &amp; instantly sweating. It's 100 today 
work was mad tonight 
i go back to that dreadful place called work tommorrow 
drama is such a bore!!  only half way through course work in due tomorrow :S
@CLCourtney Lol. I miss you. I wanna do that with you. oh and p.s. we had a fire at work today   but the hot fire fighters mad up for it.
ughh..work tomorrow. 
wish i'm not closing tomorrow at work so i can go out at night 
At work today and so so tired  do i really have to be here another 6 hours?? 
@carael1zabeth I know you're sleeping, but work was cancelled tomorrow- do you want to hang out? I haven't seen you in forever 
work sux today, we had a power outage and i thought we could go home but then it came back on 
@3heelshigh i dont need congrats, I need halps! 3 different client's work due today 
took a good shower n now im wide awake  work tomorrow 1-830 
@GwenTundermann @corinnahoffman missed you two &amp; Lenara today  work is taking it's toll. I will definitely be there next time!
work is going to be hellish today... 12 hours or more here i come 
im ready for a new day. BUT. i really dont want to do any work today 
no work tonight cos i am sick 
Wow- definately rather be anywhere but work today  x
 at work and got loads to do b4 I leave today. Toodles lufflies xxx
@work... sucks so much today 
@ work and a lot of shit to do today 
I shouldnt have come into work today. Everything is kicking in again 
exam went really well today, only thing is i went home sick from work 
Boiling hot in here, work is going to be tough today 
Uf, I was supposed to meet my friend today, but she can't come, so I'm stuck at work 
Ahhh my hayfever is well bad today at work  vimto to cheer me up 
I want to get today over with so I can concentrate on tomorrow. And then It's the weekend! But then it's work again 
forgot my phone at work today!  
Is hopin tomoro and today fly by! I hate work experience.   X
in work. chief subbing tonight. got a clipboard and everything...u forgotten me today!!  x
I dont wanna work today ...waaaaa 
just woke up and i dont kno why im up this early...work today from 1 to 5 boo 
work today 
Late for work today. Thanks @rrenna 
today i found out that i can actually get onto twitter on my phone... then it sadly didnt work. screw you 
I really wanna go to the pool today, but I have work to do 
@the12kingstar of course I'm at work, only 3 more days of 2 jobs tho. It's supposed to be hot and humid today tho.  I hate hot.
back at work today... how exciting! 
@LaurenConrad I have work until 9pm today, so I can't come to your signing 
@djlissamonet working today. no p[lans tonight. have some work to catch up on 
work today 
wants to go to town  but is stuck in work today 
No work today  instead out on the lake 
I'm a sicky today! What's up?!  going into work anyway... I got stuffs to do
sooooo not in the mood for work today 
Getting blood work done today  ugh!
not feeling well today. stayed home from work. pity me 
steves in the hospital for a few days, this sucks  going to see him after work today.
@pdurham awww! i wasent ablt to stop for lunch today either was SO busy doing work LOL. is not good 
At work..carolines going to the beach without me oh well wedding festivities start tomorrow too..no more baby brother 
Ian's working late tonight 
but tomorrow still got a lot of work to do.. 
been too busy this week to play any golf after work    hoping to get out tomorrow though!
has done a lot of work today. The bedroom is very dull now 
Playing jenga at work today.  I lost  http://yfrog.com/e6f5ij
getting ready, work 2-10 tonight. 
Getting ready for work and feel fresher than yesterday 
At work, no hassle at garage today, feeling happy 
i'm skiving in work!  totally cant be bovvered today 
@ankitb4u i guess so....maybe i can get some rest today but then again probably go to the gym after work... 
@cleosamuel haha well mine arrived today!  seeing you soon! just need to book in advance to try and get cheap tickets... council work?
@greyseer Decently functional. I'm at work today. 
work today 9 to 530 no second job today Yay 
im in such a good mood today. Just need to make it out of work with this attitude 
Haha, I miss theee old days. :p I'm thinking work will be fun today. 
I want to play outside. No work today. 
So far today has been very satisfactory: nice customers at work and chicken mcnuggets during break 
@jesperbjensen Can mail you an example from work tomorrow, so you can see if needs be 
has got work today and it has just dawned on her that she has done no work this whole holidays. Ahh well, too late now! However, 5 days 
@InesDSC I'm getting girlyed up for work today &amp; I'm staying up until 1am tonight 
here comes another week of work tomorrow... 
no work all play today 
@RPatZHood I'm good working on floors today 
finished all my geometry work!   hopefully i see justin today.
got a visit from @naharina at work today, is nice to see friendly faces come to visit! 
@lawmansbabe getting ready to make them right now!  you will have cookies tomorrow at work 
done nooo work  not good...maybe tomorrow 
so happy i don't have work today. actually, just so happy in general 
ahh no work today. sick. but no work to get me more down. 
yayy no work tomorrow 
is so glad she isnt at work today. lush 
@philipmcginley No, it was me! I made the sun work today, you can have yesterday 
chilling until i have to get ready for work.  Today looks a lot better today then yesterday 
@mindlessbabble I'll be praying for you today that you get all your work done &amp; stay somewhat sane at the same time 
it looks like im going to have busy work day today, i think i can handle it 
cant wait to be off work tomorrow! 
doing some analog work today... 
today's work is done..i'm going home now..i'll try to go online tonight 
@davidrules04 not today nopes haha  just getting some work done
@MissRachelle indeed  was lvely to meet you as well, I brought my cakes from last night into work today
going to the gym today before work 
No work today  .... Out to buy new shoes!!!
two presentations today, a doctor's appointment, work, and then I can relax 
@SilknPearls haha it will come once i get off work  i am really not tired tonight though
I am hoping to get some serious cleaning done today 
ahh i should sleep, early start for work tomorrow. goodnight 
busy busy today before I have to go into work 
@ellycouture you looked like you were having a blast today at work  lol
actually enjoyed working at the office today.  tonight - more work..while watching bones  mon - 2 interviews. yay!
working working working working. finally off tomorrow.  need to do to much stuff. 
making pizza at work. i so love my job today 
thinking about work tomorrow. 
just woken up feel amazing that i havent got work tomorrow looking for ward to tonight 
@robiver2009 I had to update my website last night. I'll have to scan it today after work. I promise. 
work work work !!! i feel like i just left ! full nine hour today tho , 
Almost bed time - work tomorrow   
work today, YAY!! 
off to do some homework then lie in the sun!  , met a very attractive boy named colby at work today!
@porkeaw yea.. went to bed a little early last night, so that i had enough energy to get up early today  and i'm at work now.
So so flat out at work today! new computer tho YAY 
Finally finished that bunny drawing. The background was jus such a pain. Ah well, more work tomorrow 
@kweenbutterfly don't be scared! you'll be fine  see ya @ work tomorrow homefry.
@work but I need important breakfast today 
@warzabidul good morning fella   i have the joy of work to do today.  what are your plans?
yaaayyy !  no work today 
@taracasper what are you doing here? I thought you were back at work today! 
enjoying listening to the rain fall as I prepare for a conference call at work.... a meeting later today, then to relax tonight 
looking forward to body works today 
i love love love silverstein.  work tomorrow. boo!
@JessMcFlyxxx gdgd well i better go and get ready for work :| haha have fun tonight  x x
not at work today .i have my car back she is perfect  going random shopping later .
hasn't got to go work today 
@rmilana Thanks you too, have to be back at the work I love tomorrow 
had to much to eat today. Now time to go work it off 
i lied. no macys tomorrow. jus payless work 4 till 9 
Session is going and i try to follow it  today want to pass one physic lab work
tweet # 100! second interview today. also: some studying. see how that works out 
@smorris soon, my precious, soon...lots of mong work to get done today 
work... yet again, jersey tomorrow! 
has her dog at work today and already got in trouble 
at work now. i feel good today.  i think today i'll edit the photos from teddy's show. i've been lazy.
Finishing up work in the office and getting things ready for tomorrow - church! 
@jstudios we on for tomorrow, I dont use work email at home  we meeting there? or?
@cocolee117 How's work today? Just went shopping n on my way home now 
back from nolifing night ... i'm half dead ...  today it's administrative work !!! f***ing taxes ^^ and a onepage design 
Off work today!! Just did my laundry 
up and at 'em   I'm actually going to get some work done today! I will, I will, I will.
@Ineedmyfix running is going well.   we ran yesterday before work.  I forget just how good it feels.  
Extremely hot today, stay in and do some work, or go to the beach and relax?  No brainer really... be back later 
Making a to do list for today and destroying each task one by one after I am off of work at 3, today feels good 
After 6pm today, no work till thursday 
Morning  blah work today
@elliehe I will not be at work tomorrow. But I will e-mail you anyway. 
getting ready for  work...had a lovely evening yesterday with great people 
home in bed going mimis night everyone see u grls at work tomorrow bright and early  ugh.
getting my things ready for work tomorrow... 
Is catching up the on britain's got more talent that i missed yesterday while i get dressed for work 
i dont care about anything today  work will be fun. .
eating a toblerone that a work colleague bought me cause it's my birthday tomorrow 
Still at work not much happening I've got a direcot coming down from head office today oh what fun still only 4 hrs &amp; 32 minutes to go.  
Feeling a lot better..just sore still..just today and tomorrow then I'm off from work intill next thursday 
@davidwhittam yeah u're right  so how is work today?
@jreesnc What ride are you on?  I'd love to be looking at 102 miles instead of work today. 
It's work time today.  I know how exciting that is 
A lil work today then hardcore training later on!!! I love my alyssa 
Getting ready to leave for work  today is going to be fabulous 
I drew that yesterday at work. Not done yet    http://tinyurl.com/pvw5md
Get to work to find out I don't have work today. 
@AlexLJ none today, is lab write up and presentation, then presenting and hand in tomorrow. all done now though 
at work. opening today. 
@CdaArtsConnect We are not AT work today but kind of working from home on little projects 
doing lots of work for @dottier today 
@derekwebb see, i'm off work right now for victoria day and it would be more convenient for me if it were today. 
is @ work until 6:30 and then getting ready for tomorrow 
After two days of work I finally have the chance to unpack and relax today 
At work early today for a series of meetings. Have cracking headache but hoping my 'Yazoo' drink will fix me up! 
A bit hung over, but I'm alone at work today, so no one will notice 
@rebeculla @rebeculla thanks!  just downloaded it, no work today so plenty of time to enjoy   #followfriday @rebeculla
up and awake. am going to do some work today. This idea feels good 
feeling good today, looking forwards to a great day at work! 
No work tomorrow! Just playing viola and sittin by the pool! 
getting ready for work, hope today flys by 
@NaomiK22 ahhh you going after work? i wanna come! i got paid today woooo still in my overdraft like but not by much! 
getting ready for work, only there for 4 hours today!! 
I will be heading home from work on time today 
has had a russian lesson today =l but i got a bus to harlow so now i'm at mum's work  and and i has fooooood!
I'm here at work I'm so tired been here since 5:30... I'm so excited my 2 best friends r comin down from jersey today 
friday  work tonight 5:30 to 10
@TraceyHewins Doing just great here !!a bit of work waiting for me but it will still be there tommorow 
@wesfeldner want to come work in mine tomorrow?  
leaving work early today at 12 - little sister's junior prom 
trying to get myself all psyched up about starting work today. in 30 minutes. 
@AnitaBruzzese Do not be sad to be at work today! if you're the only one, then you can freely break all work place rules that you hate 
@judez_xo LOL i am ok! Not too tired today started work a bit later 
@nikknacks sana like today, la work  3pm ish
we got A LOT done is practice today. 
Working out and work today, and then a long weekend ;) What to do, what to do 
@RetroRewind    I will definitely be listening tomorrow at work.   
happy to be off work until 8am tomorrow 
Hitting the gym for some work out today 
Carpooling to work! Swinming and biking today...and some work to do 
work till three today... maybe i'll get lucky and get to leave at two or three 
