Most common words for this cluster:
[('work', 2735), ('im', 116), ('am', 112), ('done', 101), ('lol', 91), ('ta', 60), ('sucks', 50), ('amp', 49), ('u', 46), ('nothing', 45), ('bit', 43), ('fun', 42)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'work', 0.8847832083702087), (u'working', 0.6066992878913879), (u'never_dieting_Shayk', 0.5934522747993469), (u'Some_antiflu_drugs', 0.5931699275970459), (u'Gabby_Giffords_Kolbe', 0.5909875631332397), (u'Poorly_formated_references', 0.5866829752922058), (u'do', 0.5866052508354187), (u'choice_Heeren_Graber', 0.5813583731651306), (u'sweat_Bammer', 0.5804802179336548), (u'GREG_BIFFLE_Yeah', 0.5755758285522461)]





I feel bad for doing it 
@ellievolia If oooonly we were really so lucky, eh? And awh  Definitely too early for work.
im so tired of work...i need a life.... 
@Sephystryx I've been looking about for good stuff to write, but also been doing loads of uni work 
Does anybody know how to get your electrolytes back in order? With a vitamin work? I feel sick. 
@thesage1014 I wish I could! Gotta work though 
Sorting brekkie for the kids then off to the horrible place called work, boohoo 
@mrskutcher *lol i wish i only had bad sync. in germany right now where the subtitles dont work at all.  lol
at work  w asma3 nawal in fe obeerate alwatan TV
someone keep me up....im at work 
has to flip his lifestyle around, goodbye to sleeping in  and hello work at 6am!
In office, doing irritating work for the worst client i've ever had. You cant choose your project if ur an employee.  
In work  sooo bored !
so. fucking. bored. of. work 
boycotting work: on facebook's fashion war. 
@dottedwithearts lol, i still gotta work. always do 
Is at work, thinking how much graveyard shift sux 
Man im too fucked to be in work 
hasnt done any work  oh well!
Ugh coffee please! Being at work at 6.45 is not good for my brain, it is now officialy melting 
I will never like getting up at 5 am  dumb work schedule.
Still have a lot of work to catch up on! 
 i hate work. havent done much today. im trying! i have artists block. cant draw 
work is so boring without my ipod 
At work.....and its snowing 
is chilling going to get ready for work inabit tho 
doesnt want to wake up at 5am for work  not cool
soooooooooo much uni work to do 
Right away to start on some school work, snooze  xx
has to take her kids to the bus stop then get ready for work! 
php playing up yet again  ...  $showform come on work u little .****
just sittin glooking out my window in work &amp; its raining  wish i was of sunny myself somewhere exotic!
bleh...didn't wake up on time to leave work early for the chiropractor 
This is insanity! I can't handle all this crap at work 
i want to visit @louise_hendy at work but i cant 
Just finished work tryin 2 find something 2 do  x
Still at work.....had to manually calculate and now enter everything that usually would be there if our cell dyn had been working 
is at work  waiting for shortlisting results and kicking back from the 'hubby', lets see how he likes it!!!
ppl at the consulate think that they can run the world and they have all the work to do and ppl and their work is of no value 
dragging @ work  hearing tons of sirens going off also check out @courtneylover79  's KRZY rants, omg, wtf !!
Is about to eat some cereal..and get ready for work. I wish that I could have sometime to play the sims..but..there is never enough time 
Is sitting at work bored sniff sniff! 
going to work... the work that pays the bills  not the fun one 
@ladyjnva nah, I'm going 2 use my work resources next week 4 All of us &amp; if that fails then it will be payola 
I'm going crazy at work. I want a new job.. 
waiting for the bus. work till 9 
@meloballerpoet (continuation) lmaoo I fell asleep work up at 9:30  then I was watching stomp the yard it finished at 12am order Chinese
Too tired to tweet, too tired to draw, to tired to look for work. Just plain worn out and short on hope. 
@DavidB92 i cant believe that reply worked yday i havent done it before i have got loads of work to im worried ahahah 
peters back from work ill 
@ work  wish I was outside . I should take my break soon!!!!
feeling a bit under the weather at work 
@QUADTHECOMPOSER I burned myself on this giant dbl sided flat iron grill @ work...I was reaching n nudged it ..long story..hurts doe 
work again in 25 mins 
@sisky YEEEE! \o/!!! I has work in 30 mins waahhhhh 
@ChrisCarnall you are too kind &amp; very encouraging...actually rather depressing seeing how little impact lots of hard work actually had 
Is thinking she should get some work done !  ah well and needs to sort out her costume for drama exam and theatre performance !! xx
I.m terrified of bee's and i can't get my work done cuz there over there 
Getting ready for work, sort of. I don't wanna go. 
@maori_chicksta1 they stole your stuff at work? :O that's even worse..i'm so sorry  *hugs* did you have insurance? x
Is at  work....boo....and isn't feeling very well....double boo 
Going to coffee shop to get lots of work done on my report  at least it's cloudy
@aebldee can't i'm at work already and not off until 6 then off to the 2nd gig 
we're so busy at work, it's nuts. no break for me again 
So nice out! And I'm stuck at work... 
For some crazy reason blogger is not saving my work and it's driving me crazy. I'll have to resort to somewhere else to save it for now 
work then nephews birthday party too many m&amp;s  choclate hedgehogs haha nice..was ment to go to pub with girls but work 2moro 
@shwankuverymuch omg I wish I could do that! Its only me and 1 part timer at work. 
@shanetron work till 10 
Grrrreat, there's a bug going on at work and its catching up to me 
work still sucks not even halfway done and im starving 
all the grumpy people at work are going to make me grumpy too 
@tkfourtwo1 ah i'm at work. sucks 
sunday at work 
so not happy with direct messaging and tweetdesk  they just wont work for me maybe im just twitter stupid or something i dont know ugh
now going to bed...I'm tired as anything! gotta get up early for work... 
/gets ready for work. 
at my gfs feeling pretty fat have to go home and get work clothes 
I am at work, looking at my calender and going bonkers 
Tired of typing...and I'm not near being done 
finally heading to bed;;gotta work at 8 
@mirageinblue babe hope u ok, ill call u once im done, work was swamped 
@QSmitty I will have to say I was let down when nothing happened at your work 
@MariahCarey goodmerntin! I am @ work, make it happen &amp; someday was on earlier yay! I have a sore tooth also! 
@gfalcone601 its worse than the normal version but it does make me laugh!would much rather be watching that than be at work 
It's entirely too early to be at work on sunday. 
Is at work...on a sunday 
ewww work in a while,yay much effort to get out of bed 
Just woke up I am sooo tired and I have lots of work to do before tomorow 
While y'all r probably drunk eating by now I'm on my way 2 work! 
doing art work, its soo boring  xxxx
got work to do! no such a happy sunday after all! 
@LaurenDayMakeup I might try and get some when i get off work. It almost feels like my throat is raw or something.  should prob do to doc
ARGHH I havent done any work and its the end of the goddam holidays 
twitter is the only fun social network that's not blocked at work,, yay! hope it doesn't get blocked soon 
At work on a sunday 
exhausted &amp; feel like shit ! work till 1 
work  oh well!
@captain_jen I'd much rather have done the independant study  Might've stood a chance of some nobhead not fucking up the group &amp; work then
work/lawn mower induced headache  hmmm!
Yay it's not raining.....but I still have a ton on work 
am gutted weather is so lovely but stuck at work!! 
I am not happy doing work when it is so warm outside 
@TAYLOG1 im tired...still confused..but dealin....at work..trying to get crap done..but not doin' so well...want to to go back to bed!! 
is enjoyin the nice weather, shame i'm in work 
So I better start some work.         Sucks                         
Ugh work  http://twitpic.com/3ll7t
Really fed up of orange sluts coming into work, ordering 1 can of coke between like 8 of them and hogging my sunny tables 
Hates that the holidays are over cos she's done no work 
is back in pompey and doesnt want to start thinking about the work load 
@platypus_fox i'm jealous. I had to get up early and work my ass off on a project for school 
have to start work  also wright is striking out a lot.  delgado making up for it though.
stuck at work when the sun is finally out 
@mdwaterfront i know! i had work and couldnt come down 
I wish I could stay and go to the park with nate and rambo, stupid work 
@kahneiac all I can do is take my meds, work out daily and eat rite.  I feel so fat!
spent two hours figuring out how to organize my work rather than actually doing work. found a cool pdf organizer but only for macs 
@aplusk Twittie is pritty cool, think you'd like it, tried it once and loved it but broke my network settings and it doesnt work now 
My crappy work schedule has completely destroyed my ability to blog. This sucks. 
@LeaL714 dito going to see my new buddies perform... We actually were asked to perform but we were behind schedule 
Is back at work and needs more sleep  pants status: stolen o_0
So boring, i've got so much uni work to do... i can't believe it 
in and ready for work! what to do? oh...corrections on fridays work... 
The job centre sucks balls... I desperately need to find work 
@hunteremily no I'm stuck at work.  what gyp
@exotic y aren't u slp? I'm so goin to be drained for work 2mor 
back at college now, cant say its great to be back... and theres alot of work to do! 
@pinkymcsian YES bloody work 
Hiding from maths  it wont work tho
is back at work... hoorah 
work is soo depressing on a monday 
Thinks it is way too early to be getting ready for work 
the sun is shining and im stuck in work...not fun!! 
is in work  wish was out in sun riding my horse!!
am in work now, &amp; the pins in eyes option still appeals more than being here 
why is it so nice outside  the gods of uni work put it there to distract me. dam them!!!
argh so much stuff doesnt work in australia! 
At work bleh... 9pm now, 10 hours to go 
@macappstorm only if i had a paypal account  -- payoneer cant work?
Trouble staying awake xx trouble with going to bed late  hope don't end up asleep on keyboard!! i think work colleagues may notice!
getting ready for the grindstone. 
aw mannn! work blocked facebook finallyyy 
is at work till 3  blah i hate allergies
is getting on with some uni work  its really sunny too!
is at work guys! 
at work and dont feel good 
is doing uni work  but looking forward to catching up with the girls tonight!
@awaltho i dunno. was busy doing chores that i hadn't gotten to 
talk about deep sleep. to bad its over. 2 work! 
i like the core animation in tweetie, its faster then bluebird...in other news, mondays always surprise me with the amount of work due 
heading out for work....making the mans pockets fatter    lol be back later
hates being at work when its sunny 
back at work :/ my hand is killing me. amd i missed ebay auction with alfa part 
Sitting in the sun, listening to gomez, sipping a vailla latte, shame it's at work 
at work...sad its monday 
@PaulWalsh, get well soon u cant work with that stuff going on, n no-one thank you for passing it on  if u go out
@JaysMom28 doing good, have about 3 hr of work to do before bed. Its 2am 
@nadinekahlon they sometimes join forces for even more deliciousness! I think I've had more work to do during uni break then during term! 
@far1983 i m just abt doing fine.. too much work 
Watching @LJRICH on the tv at work. No sound though only subtitles 
just got into work and having my porridge...where's the sun gone 
@ketpoc22 yo ho, what's going on? i'm bored @ work... 
going to update my profile background tomorrow but is going to take allot of work without photoshop 
still at work. feel like a zombie just ate my brains. 
last bit of blitzing! then the parentals will be here.... and then... dundundun! uni work 
work sucks  ... is it friday yet????
has a paper cut on every finger.. office work is a lot more dangerous than you would think, I look like I've has a fight with a kitten 
has a paper cut on every finger.. office work is a lot more dangerous than you would think, I look like I've has a fight with a kitten 
heading to uni to actually do some work!!!!! am so hungry 
worried about @julie_a and her bike ride into work.  surely she should be in by now 
in school meant to be doing boilodgy work fun 
its soooo hot and lovely outside but I can't go out stupid work 
644 just got done with my work out...fuck it's early 
going to stick some make up on, do hair and then do some work...then go to college 
gettin' ready for work... 
I really bored at work and it's really hot aswell! Not fun 
@ginalouann he's asleep, but I'm gonna have to get him up for work soon. he works third shift. 
somehow managed to pop my knee at work. 
made myself a fresh papaya soyshake but it's not making the rain, work, gloom go away 
fudge. you know the worlds ending when lactaids dont work anymore 
@KGvsDramaKinG I gotta work 
my sty hurts!!!! and i have work at 7am. boo 
work on a saturday... 
 fuck man .i hate this. =O. work suckss :'(
back from hell (work) 
Trying to sleep.. I have to be at work at 6am! 
Today should not be wasted at work , does anyone actuall y read these? I dont think im interesting enough 
hacked my P1i to install new theme and icons ... some of em work some don't 
I'm at work and sleepy as hell!!! 
My work shoes are falling apart. Damnit 
has tons of work to do but she is very lazy lazy 
So its 4am and I'm up and gettin ready for work. I swear I will never get used to this. 
it's a glorious sunny saturday and i'm at work 
getting ready for work, i just want it to be sunday 
I really hate work on saturday 
Slumps in her chair at work and sighs at her lack of sleep. 
Whats up ? been absent ; but now I'm at work 
Sitting here in this shit hole (work)....why do i do it. 
@havenward 4am was when i got in. 8am was when i got up for work  so you're not fried, but i am *g*
trying to get some work done but feeling soooo tired 
just got in...going to bed. work in the am 
At work.. searching for people and lot's of paperwork 
IntypeCommander v.0.2 done - back to animation 
missing beavis lots even though he is at work and i am at my mummy's i just want to see him 
knows full well that the sun is shining ... but there's work to be done too 
is spending her saturday doing work.. 
@MeticulousBob hard work by the sounds of it. 
Is going to do some course work....ughhh i hate it..but its gotta be done!!! 
@SebastianDavies I aint at work cause I feel so crap.  x
I'm at work with my B. But I'm so ready to go home and crawl back into bed and go back to sleep...ugh stuck here till 2!! 
Has to start back on uni work 
I'm so bored at work right now  there's nothing to do
Is  feeling tired and has a lot of work to do before exams 
fck...gettin ready for work but i want to go to sleeeeeep 
work till 4  its hard to wait tables when yours still drrunkkk
Up at work bored ready to go home  thought of the day: dont work for the bank unless your tryna rob them its just not worth!
@missu and I have no tea here  the boyfriend is at work but I'll have him get me some.
@susfitz Thanks darling!  I will.  If the other work doesn't get int he way  Which it has been lately 
This puppy at work wants my attention so bad,  but when I try to pet him, he runs away...   
@FoxFitness awe...u work saturdays? 
Finished making nice pretty posters and flyer's for the showcase, now back to coding and database work 
sitting at work trying to figure out how to get off work so i can go to the june kink/pool party. 
SHOWER TIME !...thn work... 
2 hrs b4 I have to be in for work. I wish i could call in sick....but sadly  I need the mula
@dogwierdo you gotta work all the tiiiimmme because you actually have a job.  i dont 
at work on saturday 
wants to not be at work... someone save me 
I'm up but didn't sleep well thanks to early am phone calls from work. 
I'm gonna be old for a little bit and take a nap before work. I'm tired 
Just got home from work, I'll try and squeeze in a workout since I &quot;need to lose weight before I can get tone&quot; 
poor ants all the work for nothing http://tinyurl.com/cu634x 
@blakecurby wish we were, nicks gotta work 
just got up and gettin ready for work  hope its sunny later on lol
my legs wont stop hurting ugh...I hope I get a chance to sleep b4 work 
@immymoo dudee i need more music! and money although i have a job but theres no work  ahhh uninvited today? use birth certificates as i.d
The updates do work, the problem was inbetween the keyboard and chair 
is doing work on a sunday! 
Gloriously warm, sky almost cloudless, sea pretty still. I didn't want to leave but it's work tomorrow  http://tinyurl.com/dgdm3k #flickr
@missbalticrabs I've been watching when harry met sally and comedy on youtube. no more work... it's horrible 
I'm stuck choosing between 2 totally different lyrics for a particular tune...they both work but which one works better...? What a pickle 
Our systems at work crashed... We run a unix based system. I'm going to have a fun time with this. I can tell. 
thanks...i haven't seen too many epps of  PTTR ..the joys of shift work.  i really like that show  too.
bah its too early. i hate having to get up early for work. 
I'm at work and I got bit by a stupid mosquito 
@Dropstep yep needed to finish some stuff  2 morrow some custom umbraco coding to finish another project #work #umbraco
@smellyocheese so nice, i hafta work 
should probably go to bed but need to finish some uni work  and stop looking through ebay hmm..x
uni work 
at work as usual...my back is pretty sore...darn the idiots who can't drive!  
Up waaaaaay to early for work 
holding it down @ work. have da duty blues 
woke up with bad cramps..trying to get ready for work 
Just woke up. I gotta work wharf 11:30-4 
I guess i better get ready for work. 
fanfamily wont work  What am I going to do?!
pure dreading work 
@stinaiacopelli: lmao, work til 11 
somebody save me...I have to be @ work @ 1:15 but I don't want to go...can someone just kidnap me 
tired from work. but i wanna do something tonight if ashleys goes out in town i wont be happy 
Note to self: never mention being at work in txts as this causes replies to dry up 
getting bored in work on a sunny sunday 
Feeling like I'm gonna throw up at work.  But get to go home soon!
@one66soul working on reports for work. 
@jacdo mmm i'd love to have some korean tonight but i'm not making good progress on this work project  booooo
is in rabbit fur at work, wish I could work at my manager's office. She likes it warm, programmer likes it cool 
@TDLQ LOL!  i need to walk more!   i just hate doing it!!! 
i have 'i shot the sherriff' stuck in my head stuck at work 
@JetGirlArt yeah yard work generally bites. I always worry about the lawn if it's short enough 
@mr_gadget the links dont work 
looks like spammers were at work over the weekend   What do you use to weed out trash emails?
@FabulousWhitney ugh I know work can sucks so bad sometimes 
Why doesn't the internet work?!  This is frustrating as hell. 
@VForIvan aww, I hope you can get that dental work done soon, that's gotta suck!! 
@NathanaelB cool, i'll tweet at you tomorrow when i leave work. also, no more tix: you got the last two. sorry 
I find it immensely difficult turning down work opportunities, but sometimes it's simply the responsible thing to do... 
@yolie81 to look at, maybe, and to do things to, possibly, but to have a conversation with etc etc? doesnt work 
@mrkie twitterscore doesn`t work... 
is super duper unmotivated at work 
@rel_raille work still not yet done?  I hope you get sleep soon!
for got bout twitter lol  at work answering calls until 830am 
is panicking about how much uni work i have to do before next monday 
have a big breakfast then do that thing called work 
@ruthy23 working   no bh for me..
am very jealous of all you having a lay in this bank hol, ive been at work since 7 
...but there's one i can think of when someone else claims my credit after my hard work. its cal rotten.  
crackin on with the college work 
leaving for work, after work ,hit the gym with my mama &amp; sisters, &amp; then get my hair did! im still missin my man 
@nelpix still needs work. im trying to make it all collage-y but photoshop hates me. sad face 
getting ready for work!!!  I think I'm sick!! .. flu or something!
@joek949 i will chat from my mobile when i have time  cos my laptop doesnt work ;(
cba with work 
Hates doing uni work 
At work in a whole lot of pain 
Ugh time for work im sooooo tired though 
operation clean out my car before work so it can get towed is in full effect!  poor hector 
work.......and its raining 
@dougiemcfly bloody bluewaters open i had 2 work  puttin myself thru college, totally sucks!...an i think heaven looks like mcfly! 
work  sucks.
guess I'll be at work until midnight 
sad that work has now blocked twitter. must get my fix somewhere else 
I wanna work on my screenplay though I have to finish a paper first.  
its sunday and i have work!  
ahhhhhhh work I hate you. I'm not getting out until like 2 am 
Going to bed, gotta work at 6:30 
school work  please make me do it.. i wont
ew. getting ready for work 
All work and no play makes jack...really sad 
thinks day one at work after having a long vacation sucks 
work at eleven am. darn. 
Up and getting ready for work  can't wait tip later tho
sleep time.... lots of work to do before monday.... 10pg paper, sociology paper and presentaion, art power point, and lots of 3D art work 
It's 8 am, way too early for me, but have to get up for work. 
@akshatgait initially pleasure.. but yeah work too 
is at work on a bloody sunday 
Doing uni work ohh the joy 
i hope so too  its got to be on a cd somewhere. remember i put it on a cd for u to play at work a long time ago bt u said it didnt work?
@mela713 I can't stay awake (at work) 
is getting on with work at 10...no more procrastination on facebook till its done, im determined today it will be finished! 
My musics on and I'm sitting outside, my mum ruins it by saying ' what about all that work you needed to do, urghh 
working on a sunday  @stefanromanu promissed it would be just a little work. dough!
Oooof toooooo work 
stuck at work till 615am  
shit . thought i finished all my work but jstt remembered i have science hwk 
Is waiting to get off work so I can go to bed, gotta be back at work at 3 
Zomg - totally came into work 30 mins early. I am a moron  I could have used that sleep too 
Danm bak 2 work 2morrow!!!!!!!!! 
hates how much work she has on  save me!
a lot of work and not much time 
shit fuck i've just lost a load of work and now i have rescan my entire sketchbook and arghhhh 
its so beautiful out and im stuck at work til 8 
@AllyR1 i have a deadline tomorrow and i just cant bare to look at my work  hope ur work goes well!
neeeds to finish work  cya later innovater.
I had mad fun and now its over ( gotta go 2 work) 
@angelanilsson of course, why else?  I'd kill for a work visa to live in dk 
Off to bed...0430 comes awfully early  stupid work, why cant i work from like 10-4 and still get paid the same? *sigh*
My labtop has a very nasty bug...thank god for my computer at work or i would be in melt by now 
@kelly_6ft_under I have c done, and I have info for a(just have to figure out what I'm going to do) and I'm 1/2 done b  lots of work eh!
back at the house.  excited that i got my cd.  i need to calm my nerves.  ministry work is hard with no support 
@jasonpontillo i was just climbing into bed. work in the am.  have an extra drink for me!
@NikkiHotness vegas was awesome, I'm completely drained out &amp; I got work in the morn 
@calypsominerals lol well I doubt that means your responsibility ends..in fact I'm sure more work is coming 
yes! I'm done with my essay...yet I still have so much more work! it's never ending! 
@vancouverhit my sousin works at H&amp;M and she saw her there  sooo jeoulous
@pmabray agreed on the super-sick part, have been there a bunch already  good work on getting him back to sleep!
cranky. i have a lot of work to catch up on 
cant sleep...i have too much on my mind  ....&amp; having work at 430am isnt helping..
has never wanted a job/ work experience so badly before.... ahhhh the pressure's on 
Only client files are safe and misc work files  Everything personal. gone..
@HeatherWelliver so sorry ... swamped at work 
Why am I waking up so early? And then coming into work!!! Both very silly things to do. Loads of marking to do 
Is home and feeling very I'll was sick at work yuk 
Is now in work  tired as hell
@Akcoffer i was at work anyways 
just going to bed.. fuck work is going to be fun 
packing for sf and getting to sleep soon. i still need to find someone to take me to the airport after work 
this sign is a lot more work than i thought it was going to be 
just had maccas and on the way back home. work training was so shit and I have 3 more before tuesday  no assignments tonight though. wooo
thought i was going to bed.. but decided to get work done.. guess it's an all niter 
I can't remember anything sarah just told me to add to my course work 
Net is damn slow tday, its affecting work 
At work at 7am 
I think the lost finale takes precedance over work. Looks good 
just ate way to much choc cake at work and now feels sick! 
im at work, and feeling so alone cant take this....think i realy need some one now 
@bungles_finger Blergh, can't see facebook at work 
Hungover and superrrr fkn tired!! I hate work 
can't acctually get any work done the mood im in.. 
Getting ready for work and feeling like crap 
am gettin ready 2go 2 work..  i can barely hold my excitement
Getting nowhere when people keep calling/mailing/visiting my desk with even more work stuff! 
suppose I got to start getting ready for work 
@spencerpratt so tried to call you all the way fron NEWZEALAND! but it wont work 
@jabop I'd LOVE to go ride but i just got off work and have finals up the butt  enjoy the weather for me!
work. blah. watch movies. wake up. run. work. this is my life for the summer 
Just got out of work  only made 67 bucks
i missed 'kobe : doing work' by spike lee 
@michael_v2 I however could sleep a lot longer but have work. 
sometimes studying wont work without thinking your purpose... 
Is back to the grindstone. Holidays are over 
All work no play makes kuec a dull girl 
ughh I hate waking up so damn earlyyyyy!  on my way 2 work now..  boooooo
Just got up and am getting ready to do some work 
needs this shitty mood to end.  - work!
Is wachting heroes getting well in to it and got work in a bit so will have to stop wachting then 
@SatishEerpini ill need sometime to finish the entire thing.. endsems so cant work much.. 
doin work 
@Bvictor nothing  meant to be doing college work but really not working
in work rite now freezin my ass off!!!! not amused!!  lol xx
still bored at work. I need something to do 
Just had power but lost work on pc 
waiting at the via bus stop, I need 3 red bulls before I head into work, I seriously pulled an all nighter 
i need to work. godsake roll on when mcfly are off this :') ive done work but anytime they come on i die  god im weird
I am really regretting last nights drinking binge and wishing I could be laying outside rather than stuck in work hell... 
omg so tired from work 
Too much uni work 
@SoulSoSweet gotta work 3 to 11 
I'm at work now... so early for me lol  oh well I have 2 be here!
goin 2 work 
soooooo tired. work is sucking so busy. so i'll be home around 530 oh joy 
@KaustubhG nope.. doesnt work.. 
had to re-pierce one of my piercings this morining, i hate having to take them out for work 
i wanna go outside  but my work aint done
finishing off english media work. eugh. we never get any homework about writing arcticles + stuff 
ugh work. and its sooo busy. 
finishing off english media work. eugh. we never get any homework about writing arcticles + stuff 
is finishing off english media work. eugh. we never get any homework about writing arcticles + stuff 
is finishing off english media work. eugh. we never get any homework about writing articles + stuff 
@DakotaRae site has a lot of dead links and didnt work for me 
Just finished work whoop maths revision to doo !! 
less shifts at work cos i had a poor average  not good when theres bills to pay
Is at work, studying for french 
wants to play mariokart but is stuck at work  wistfully watching about 100 people play in the sun.
Doubles at work blow ass. Bleeeehhhh. 
@SoulGlowActivtr i could have tweeted more  i'm gonna work harder! #familyforce5 ! #familyforce5 #familyforce5 #familyforce5 #familyforce5
is at work..so much spanish hw to do when i get home!.. and miscellaneous other makeup work 
@hell0sunshine i could always bring you some at your work ;) its taking so long to cook though 
so sleepy but i gotta do some work!!!! 
no fun at work  .
once again, more work on my re ass.  
Man, I was so excited to be back at work after being sick for so long! But there's nothing to do 
@KristopheRobin did u not feel that bad boy? I was at work by myself in the back part. 
ready to go home... still have 20 mins left at work 
work sucks 
@TinkerGem however will you cope without him? No-one will inappropriately hug you at work  http://bit.ly/tWSiB
gion 2 work ggrr i hate it why cant i bet rich 
I'm so nervous right now. I'm about to leave for work experience.  eek
is at work.. well at this training place. so pointless me being in here! i hate it! 
@wizardandwitch Yes, Am at work now having a coffee 
wow how borin @ work ex..   think id rather be at skool.. 
Just got in from work im absolutly drenched i hate the weather 
right got to go do some work,back laters   
at work  want to sleep!
At work!  http://twitpic.com/5f3iv
@jangles Nothing new there then    [sent from my work PC]
study againnnn heaps of work needa get them done 
Oh well, the weather has dictated I should get on with some work  15mins on the exercise bike and then I shall bury myself in the books.
Is feeling totally gloomy, bloody work, bloody numpty's at work  I need a holiday
schooool i did not do my english work 
I hate slow laptops at work  speshly when it's my job to make them quicker. http://twitpic.com/5f46f: I hate s.. http://tinyurl.com/p8ws92
@marge0256 at work! 7-1 ang shift ko.. no new work yet. 
After having friday off of work to go to hospital you'd think just one person at work would ask how it went, very upset and near to tears 
I hate mondays, especially when I have work 
4 AM. i wish i didnt have work tmrw. i cannot sleep, even if my life depended on it. 
work  its poo! and annoying! but it has to be done .... yar
at work. yay boring  later meeting with the advertising manager..-.-  http://twitpic.com/5f5nd
People not showing up for their shifts at work so I have to go in early so my coworker can make it to class makes me sad. 
been ready since 7am, thought i was supposed to take eric to school but he had a ride  taking advantage and getting some work done 
At work, only cool person working but we barelyeven talk. :\ I miss mah hoes. 
In lame work 
feeling a bit sick at work 
Up early for work n sad my grandparents r leaving 
Finised work early waiting in the cold for mom wishing i had my lisence 
Morning Twits. Just arrived at work.. not really feeling this monday 
is worry about the place to present final deisgn work... 
No kairos reunion.  buty now I can call off work because I'm actually sick. /can't talk
...but I lied in tooo long to be able to go to the gym before work 
I'm tiring of being tis sick. Wish I could call in sick but I'm already at work 
Still at work... But worrying like crazy about my sis... 
im tired....work hard! 
@LadyFr3sh work 
In so much pain....hoping if goes away before work 
Importing video to idvd. A bit of a pain in the ass because it's so slow you can't open any other programs or do any work. 
wonders why biblegateway wont work for him 
work.. in new brunswick. bored 
about to go to sleep...feels slightly agitated that she keeps putting off work and the due date is looming closer and closer 
i left my cross-stitch at work...  nothing to do... so much time on my hands... O.o
im at work!!! 
@greenlaundry That sounds like so much funnnnn! I'm just stuck at shitty work 
i woke up cuddling with my dog.  i did NOT want to get up  boo work!!
get stuck at work while everyone is about to go to bed 
done with the task. continue studying 
@othatjo well it feels like monday at work over here 
i'm bored at work. nobody to talk to. timmy's left me 
@Bvictor goign home have assignment work to do 
@theDebbyRyan hey you have any advice for me? i have been falling behind in school but can't seem to bring myself to do my work 
suppose i better go get ready for work 
On the late late train now to work, scared an old lady on my way, need tea/sleep but i've got to go straight to london after work 
up late working on project. instead of performing in my dance show. i let everybody down 
@wendykensy you didn't wait til I got off work!  you have a lot of making up to do ;) HAHA sigh.
@PrincessAngel76 my treadmil doesnt work  it goes about 2 kms per hour &amp; stops .. i have to buy a new 1 wen i have money.. which is never
Sitting on my butt getting ready for work so early in the am   
boo u all sleep whores ::continues work:: 
at work...no fun!! 
@BuySellDomains I'm anxious to try upgrade myself but I have too many tabs open right now with work so will need to wait 
@esran am also bored at work.  Not for lack of things to do.  Just all of them are unexciting 
blah blah donig weebcamm with kat but it doesnt seem rto work 
@iamcarlah im work  u?,
@jelley work + hangover = regret 
i'm here again,doing dad's work 
been in work since 6am soooooo tired 
@sarahlay u know it sucks i work 10 out of 14 sats  i wanna come l'pool!!!!! stupid work stupid trains may hace to get up to some mischief
nuthing im off work sick n board 
I don't want 2 get up for work 
Chilling before the joi of crappy work 
I feel like shit and i really dont want to be at work right now 
grrr work later 
wayyyy too tired for work  but I have to go anyway!
i hate all the &quot;fucking mouth breathers&quot; that bother me at work 
12 twed twoses for you to enjoy... @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- @-)-- xxx really got to do some work 
is starting my last fay of work....  I'm sad and excited all in one!
@MissesMoore yes mam just signing into work 
Doing some discovery work on a legacy domain, and just found the thorn in my side 
gotta work early tonight 
4:30 is entirely too early to wake up for work.......bleh 
@YagoTheGnome I'm at work - bummer!  
I am shattered - housework is so hard - when you do it properly tee hee.  Now I have to go to proper work 
actually at work... better get used to it again! 
i'm fed up of being stuck in the house doing work... might go for a bit of a walk ...  then much more work 
@POLOHOLMES nothing I am bored at work 
TFIG!!!!!!!   no fun looking out the window from work at the sunshine 
Has just got in from work, drinking tea and then off to do stuff. Like mowing the lawn and tidying 
Apparently I'm going out tonight, but I really don't want to. I have a lot of work to do 
has a lot of work on the desk 
IT stuff keeps getting in the way of work. 
At work  this sucks
I found a bug in my work   It's better to catch it yourself than for someone else to find it &amp; far better than it never being found though
@amorporchoco I would if I wasn't doing work shit. 
needs n (not equal to 0 ) more brains and hands 2 manage the work load 
@Jeddidiah wish I was there no one wanted to do the drive with me and I didn't get off work til 8... 
work and reality suck  haha
hey tweeters. i have to actually do work on my bday  how depressing haha
work sucked! working on my harry potter project for school 
just got back from work . I know i miss alot  so tired.
gettin ready t go t work 
@luvbuzzy lol i dunno how to summon the brits!! the lovemakers song doesnt work anymore 
@ennoid417 everything went swimmingly. Which is gr8 as twitted is now blocked at work 
Late for work and a cat peed on my gi  
@MissKellyO the page dont work 
Bad From work!! Still In a good mood..But have no one to share it with...everyone is sleeping... 
@prateekgupta hehe well not quite... got loads of work to do before i leave, and loads of work after 
bang bang bang....tired of the carpentry work going on in my house 
@frmheadtotoe It was a one-off random charm at my work they sold to me for $5 
ohhh. blackberry still broke   tomorrow: grad practice, idk, flea market, work work work, y'bor.
How can I play, work and get all my essays &amp; studying done?  Finals week sucks...I want to go play 
@JakeJacobsVI yeah i've been so busy with work and family stuff sorry, they actually have me doing work now!! 
just finished work, off to shops for groceries. it's fucking PELTING down with rain and my back is soooo sore. 
@AnnetteStatus no  I had work! do u know If I can watch them on facebook?
fml my work uniform is on the washing line 
Off work, trying to relax for about 30 mins before I've gotta go back to sleep 
Ahh man up and getting ready for work  I wanna sleep!!!
and this stupid wireless wont work downstairs 
I am down  I need my snuggles but he is at work and he don't like to snuggle  ironic huh...
really annoyed that work appear to have blocked facebook now... 
start work 2 moro at 6:30.  not looking forward to it
Ugh id better get up for work 
Tv arrived but can't play cos have to go to stupid work 
hates having to be at work for six am 
@KristinHolder aww i'm sad  i didn't get to go to your going away party!  stupid work!
computer.. please stop being so loud so i can do my work 
No want work 
i suppose i best get ready for work  grrr 
My twitterberry wont work on my friends and me 
@thinkgeek curses upon the ridiculously slow internetz at work!  The dang image just now loaded...  
tryin not to fall asleep at work... 
at work getting a quick bite to eat before having to kill my wrist self addressing 500 envolopes 
crap. have to break my &quot;no work in weekend&quot; rule  so much overloaded with work. aargh, hate it!
I don't think the coffee at work agreed with my tummy 
I think it's unfair I have to miss the sun  all places of work should be closed an writing essays should not be allowed when it's sunny!
Is getting upset at work cus bindz and j are being bullies  and they won't let me go duty free shopping!
the food in the oven is still frozen. seems I have to advance the clock from flashing 12:00 to make the oven work 
@LeXxLuV nothing bout 2 go 2 work 
am planning on going to sleep early, too tired to do any work 
@charlottespeech Aww just read your tweet. I'm not sure about later either (work too)  feel it for us
At ihop with the besties..minus one  where's the dr.???? At work of course
I wanna do something tonight after work.... But I dunno what... 
waiting for aaron to get into town, and then leave him for work. booo 
It went really well! But the vid didnt work.  im sad
Stressed out fro work and having a drink 
at f***** work  .... want somebody to come ???
I'm missing everything at work  I want pix of @ipinklemonade !!
@marcusbetts lol, I know how you feel, but with 4 kids and my current work load, I am maxed out with no time to grow things. 
@ work....boyz make me sick.. 
Hey guys I'm back from work.. It was kinda horrible 
Bout to get ready for work ugh i hate workin on fridays 
@SKYISLANDS that's just it... I don't have anything other than work 
everybody is leaving work early except me 
@ditzynicky my knee is hurting so bad im limping...so we get to suffer through work together 
im trying to put up a pic but it wont work!!!! 
ummm. no it didnt work so i guess im stuck with this uglyonee 
ofcourse they wait until the last minute to run an experiment at work...that I have to supervise. aka i dont get to leave work on time. 
oh no, i need new work shoes...i broke this one! 
Hoping everyone is safe frm the purge that is supposedly happening at work right now. 
woken up by mum. work 
@natalidelconte I bet you received lots of hit from that tweet; at work i cannot, wish i could 
Never got round to buying the ice creams in work- took a call from my lawyer which knocked me off kilter 
ahh sore throat and tired. want to go back to bed. but have work 
....yup stil at work 
paper work on a friday afternoo 
Right now I have a use for the snuggie, but no snuggie to stay work with 
@mitchelmusso it wont work in the uk 
@mitchelmusso i cant call  im at work
Ugh sittin at work waiting for the carpets to be cleaned.  I was suppose to be out by 7 
@CrossedOutName pandora is blocked at my work  bummed
I'm at work!!!! Ugghhhhh someone save me now 
Misses her work peeps 
@Mrgetmoneyent ahhhhh from work 
lost some $ at work....nt happy right now    --SLOANSTER--
i am still at work on friday.. 95-29-09).... not much going on here... 
Oh my god swarmed with work 
recording on twaud.io doesn't quite work properly yet 
just got off of work. now i have nothing to do cause everyone has plans except me 
Leaving for work  I'm going to try and listen to the reds game while I'm there
Waiting for my sis to get off work. Then will head to walmart. I never go to walmart alone if I can help it. Too many weirdos 
this whole iphoto face recodnition doesnt work as advertized 
@scodal I hate it - it's now a work thing 
@imaginaryrock i have work at 8am 
had to leave work early cuz of my mouth  back to some more resting
@nkotbstarstruck hardest part is work now blocks twitter and the community so i cant check things til i get home 
@nkotbstarstruck thats all. i can check it can't reply  dumb work lol
Just finished writting a song sitting at the back counter at work, it is epic, but I need a guitar, and some lessons 
@illaman1 yup lab work  lol
@fallenfrommars unfortunately it's 7am here and I have to start work now 
Home from work, such a slow night, gonna work on a video for a bit then bed...all while missing my husband 
@eteague2 I had no clue that any of that when down at work...I'm sorry 
is actualli so depressed bout missin bgt final cos of work 
@codyt haha mines set for 8 am!!!!  fuck work
at work agen til 630 
morn ... at work 
@CampWildGirls Thanks for the #followfriday. Due to an unusual alignment of work inconvenience I was unable to join in the fun 
'Point your gun in another direction.' got work now. should be out in the sun.  x
not slept at allll, really wish i didnt have work. i should be asleeeep 
Just woke up, got 2rhs before work then a 12hr shift  booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
is back at work on a sunny saturday! 
work in 25 mins 
stuck in work whenn the weathers amazing! its balllllzzzzzzzzz 
@damness I hate work. I'm enjoying being a bum 
@textualoffender i have more other work though  dunno. lets see
sun is shining and im stuck at work   also i have the runs. Thanks Antibo
Why do my cooks @ work continue to piss me off! I swear they team up on me! 
@eonline why do non of your links work! it's so frustrating 
in bed late up early i hate surprise work 
@beccymorton yeah I was really gutted.  Most of the work is backed up on the server but still....it's the fact of being robbed. 
@ms_cornwall ooh lucky you, I have work to do inside 
says preoccupied by work, i came late and missed the meeting...  sorry guys... http://plurk.com/p/x6ktn
Is at work checking sell by dates, wishing i was layin out in the sun! 
@PandaMayhem my bb hates that page  I'll look later. I should get my two grs of sleep before work
@Nolex been alright. doing the usual. all work no fun 
At work trying to wake up..didn't fall asleep till 3 
I'm really mad eric won't get out of the shower cause I really need to get ready for work. 
more like what should i be doing. answer is uni work. actually starting to feel sick 
@ladiesluvcapt chilllen walkin into work  so out of it tho. Workk be getting 2 me.. You?
I wish I could stay out in the sun instead of goin 2 work 
10 more mins then i have to go get ready for work  9-5 I wish i didnt have to 
http://twitpic.com/695uq, this is how i am feelin now, still doing work for uni 
cpr training...woo work on a saturday  haha
I'm happy with my new hair cut but have work tonight 
@_MattyJones you know what? I'm jealous your sunbathing! and im at work 
work till 730. still a very sick panda  didn't sleep well. sigh. i need something to cheer me up.
@AlexAllTimeLow noo, i have work experience which i cant get out of till 5, i wont be able to make it at all will i 
just got off of work, i need food in my tummy. but i really want zippys  damn.
It is beautiful outside and where am I?  At work, of course 
@misslady1014 yeah i finally did girl! thank goodness...now i have to do all this work for cultural! 
@performeradams No i am at work  you at work tonight or are you doing something that constitutes as fun?
still whining over the fact I'm in work rather than sitting outside in the sun. 
@iiKrisii I'll try - the worst part about work is that they block twitter   But I guess I wouldn't get anything done otherwise!
back from work why the hell do i have to do everything bad news another service user died i almost cried! 
stuck in work missing all the sunshine 
has not got enough work done; won't be racing tomorrow. things must be getting serious if i'm compromising fun for college 
Mornninnnngg, gotta work that 9-4 todayy, bahhh. I'm tired 
@tooe nicki has work at 12:30 
At work, tired and kinda sore. 
work until 3  booo
I'm also leaving Leeds tonight as I have lots of work to do like @BarryCarlyon  #bcleeds09
@persis_x yeah same  i have to come back and do work but i cant its borring  i still need to do my ict LOL
@solros_dam I don't know now. I'm at work and I got the rumblies in my tummy. 
Getting some work done this am  wishing I was home in my bed.
At work, missin my enjoyable distraction 
ughhhhhhhh just woke up! my mom thought I had work 
http://twitpic.com/69j03 - At the gallery doing work  meh! I rather be on my bike!
Sitting at work nothing 
At work.. nothing exciting 
@babygirlparis im looking for a new dream....just got a really bad raise from work and now im seriously thinking of quitting... im so sad 
gotta work on shot club 
Once again am finding phone tweeting hard work  back later folks  x x
im hungooover and i been at work since 8  ... any shows tonight?
@ZoMagic oo that's whatz up....I'm about start gettin ready for work 
@myssmodelstar im good, doing some work, trying to stay inside because if i don't i'll be in someones mall  but its working so far
I thought i had found the tape with my elzhi shoutout on from 2003...turns out it's just college work 
@gfalcone601 can i do work experience with you!?!?!?!?!? that would be awsome but i bet it ain't gonna happen!  noooooo dreams crushed lol
@coachtfudd23 i've been good. being a bum as you would say. but i start work monday so i'm dreading that 
just got back from moving more stuff.  now doing more pre-party work.  so tired.  totally not following doctor's orders 
my fricken itunes wont work ! 
I wish lauren would bring me food to my work cause im starving 
wants to stay at home n do nothing!!!...too bad for work 
@thenixxi I have one of those &amp; it's my favorite..but they're pushing the uber-bussinessy look at work. No denim. 
got sunburnt arms from work and got to work again in the sun 2moz 
here at work finishing up work for monday!! sucks 
About to get some work done...I am still amazed how people will pay six figures for a website!! too bad this is not my client  lol!
@lynokelly can't I'm at work right now  I'll be on... um after work at like 1 am your time :s
its actually sunny for once n i got stuck at work makin people cones  
at work and super sick   not cool at all... 
I thought i saw juneyboomdata's backup dancer come into work. I made al ask. But it wasn't him 
Dive was awesome... Now I gotta do work 
SO TIRED. want to sleep more!   @ work until probably 2:30am. fml.
@dollfacedisastr just got off work, stuck in traffic  and I hate scary movies...haha
awake now O_O. hunngrrryyy somebody feed me  lol @papermintpatty lol I don't think that'll work lol.
at the work place...wish I wasn't 
i think @nowhammystop conspires to shaft me and @banderson17 with work every pens game 
@beerenee nothing trying to do some work but I keep getting distracted!!! 
@jennthompson10 sweet image! nice pics! have fun @ earthfest....i wish i was going. work presentation tomorrow 
Tired  All I want to do is watch a walk to remember with so sushi  But I have lame work ahhhhh shot me now
msn wont work  gutter...
@Suzyqbee10 indeed! I'm already at work so I miss the morning stuff and they frown at tvs at work.  But I do listen to Npr at my desk.
got burnt during work.  hurts...
@JLSOfficial ahh!!!!!!!! where have you been lol.....missed you tweeting xxxxxxxxx no it didnt work for me 
work=sucks... i just want to lie down 
Ugh work and a heavy mind  not a good combo right now
damn my back is hella hurtting at work 
I hate work  grr starbucks 
@maikaii lol I have it but I'm at work. I sure woulda. 
@raygank that sucks!  After all that hard work you did and you haven't even had a chance to see the product 
@jf11 weekend work sucs 
work =   why are so many people at the mall?! amd why do my coworkers leave giant messes 4 me?!
@consubfm isn't she almost done with her chores? 
had a good mornig, but now has to start doing scgool work!! 
@i_am_andi work 
work @ 730 am  goodnight.
@pammymae @ohyoudork I was crushed. This guy came into my work and was totally my type and started chatting with me and then bombshell. 
work sucks 
@minorityx i have to start my work, sorry, stupid art &amp; english assignments  go find them, you won't regret it
stoopidddd photo thing wont work 
@fruityalexia At work, waiting for delayed telecast of the footy to start 
is at work while everyone else is sleeping 
I'm sooo lazy to get outta bed..but there's tons of works await 
Wish I had a real excuse for not doing any work 
sooo sick, do I haveta work 2-morrow??  I know the answer to this one... 
@RowdyRWeezy its always work.  get a new job so you don't have to deal with em anymore!
Is in hangover county this mornin and is already in work 
@kellieoc the board wont work 
@Kajitsu I'm at work until 245 bb 
done swimming. checking out later 
UUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH why can't i friggen sleep? work is going to be mighty difficult 2-morrow. 
@JLSOfficial awww  we neeeed a pic haha..bin dying to hear from you guys..you all work soo hard man !!! loveee youuuuu ?
@kristy huh? I'm at work 
@pmablog hah - listening to adele over here as well. stupid work keeping me up 
work at 8am..no fun 
i got coursework too do boring and hard  as soon as m over and done with it ill be alot happier
(yawn) doesn't want to go working... but i have to :X 
why doesnt my visual voicemail work on my iphone?! 
wants to enjoy the sun but has work sooon 
bored, bored, bored!!! got work soon 
passed out with lights on and the comp died.  up at 5:30am to turn things off, go to bed....work later 
@robhyland9 you ain't only one fella I'm leavin for work now 
Just had nice fried breakfast yum! Now must crack on with work 
is gonna go sit in the sunshine....work this afto!! 
hmmm where is everyone, bored of college work 
At work, having sore muscles 
Feeling bad that I dare not look at the #glasto line up cos I don't know when my work shifts are 
Just woke up work at 9 till 6  should be at the beach with my boo instead
work sucks. on the real. 
I can't believe I've gotta work at 1 a.m! 
wants to go out in the sunshine but has college work to do  x
Ugh, early morning work is terrible  who wants meat at 8am? Not real people -.-
I'm at work while I have a lil hangover 
waking up at 4:50 am for work is not fun 
been busy busy busy busy &amp; im the total oppossitteee of excited to go work this double 
@lynbot really? wow! that's dedication. and unfortunately, I'm not going to the gig. blame uni 
@work and outta caffeine 
at work missin my brandi 
@vanessawhite awww, chill out and enjoy the sun, i am sure you have rehearsed like crazy, , i wish u came to belfast on the work tour    .
soooo much to do.... wondering how im going to finish all my work  
@teeco71 nothing really exciting, just work 
work orientation &amp; cpr classss ughh 
game at 9:30! blahh to early for this shit! :{ the work at 2 
Would like to be sitting at the lake but i'm at work  buh
Woot work! It kinda sucks right now 
why wont facebook work 
@valkyrierisen at work, no way to get a hold of any caffeine.   
lost all my work from grade 8 :'( i like to keep things 
 sweet,.yeah i'm at work. 
stupid panini machine at work, burnt arm 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH too much work to do  i may fail everything
at work whilst all my chums are at union t in the sun. ho hum 
@ericnupp  work sucks
i cant believe i havent done anything photo related in over a year, except for college work 
someone gimme sum work!  i'm an educated unemployed youth!
At work, like an idiot... And then taking work HOME like a bigger idiot... 
@F1_lou It is pretty bad, but i have enough trouble with normal one sided stuff in work  *shakes fist at both options*
Changing ceiling panels at my dads work i didn't even get to go to the harvest festival!!! 
Just got a cocanut passion smoothe, and am now waiting till i get off work 
ouch  aftersun doesnt work
@StealingKitty all that sounds real nice....ME, I am working Not too fun   I wish I was there with you instead of here at work.
It's soooo nice outside! But I have to study and my bf is at work  bad timing!
At work  Of course, when am I not? 
work sucks 
Sittting at work waiting for an appt to come(: I missss my girls 
happy to be living in toms river but not happy about my work situation 
Wishes my hubby wasnt at work 
having a few cans in preperation for work 
has been work, work working allll weekend, she has missed all the sun  boooo
facebook doesnt like ie6 at work anymore 
Running around town, doing errands. I'm so tired 
@williambowerman yeah you guys were good  I really shouldn't have gone out, work was especially hard 
i love my body wash! it smells so good!  but i am dreading work tonight 
hate work 
work at 6 oh noez 
gosh i am sooo hungry  work..MAAAAA!!  wings&amp;things sounds HELLLA goood. fuckin work!
back at work  heres to hoping i find a reason to stay alive.
@adunham1 it wouldn't be so bad if i didnt work so dang early @ the Y before i go in to the office 
@reddstylez It doesnt work  ...do i get another prize for tellin u lmaooo
Just got off work and sitting in front of the fan and a/c...it's too hot!! 
Hanging out at gottschalks waiting for the sister to get off work so we can get food! I have a ton of hw to do tonight 
thinks that she will regret not taking a nap before work tonight 
I'm really bored at work ahhhh I want to go home but I can't  hahahahahaha
I wish I knew how to make the background work on my twitter 
likes that it is windy at work so he isn't as sweaty but it doesn't mask how much pain he is in 
Finally home but i have to be at work in about 40 mins   at least i'm not hungover, just tired. Hopefully my rockstar will kick in soon
@reens10 omg!! im so mad that im missing it!! i havent missed 1 episode of the hills!! i hate work! 
dragged myself out of bed and threw up twice before leaving for work. Now the puke-able feeling is back 
@popstarmagazine ahh i want to se it! my livestrem doesnt work anymore  pls send a pic of it
@theamericanxp how is connor doing? 
at work.. but have nothing to do... 
@QueenBeeza so jealous im still at work.. 
Still awake, going to sleep soon I hope. Just getting some reading done  Not skyping though 
@sazp we have a similar problem with someone who wants a refund for site design work that has been live for 5 months 
aircon's on the blink at work  #hothothot
at work! fun 
@xsandhearts I'm sorry your head hurts  I just put on harry potter.... I have to be up for work in 6 hours
all work and no play, makes jenn a sad boy. 
@claireecy: but 've got work later 
I'm so tired atm got 2 live briefs on. One of them is to win an iphone and the other is to get a work placement next year 
off work with a poorly 4 yr old, no excuse not to do any cleaning now 
more sunshine :O why am i still white?  stoopid work
hangover...and unfortunately there's a lot of work waiting for me 
Up and gettin' ready 4 work....so sleepy 
505 and I'm at work...vacay's officially over 
Lots of work making me slow..... 
@ work early as hell..so tired of bein here dis early 
work sux... booo... 
already up n getting dress 2 go 2 work (sighs) awwww...it's 5:30 am 
is wanting to do somethin but doesnt know wot my go the park at work at 2 
Loving the weather - shame about work 
Why does it have to be so nice while I'm at work  nay good '
Just got 2 work workin til 9 again 
@michelledodd yes I did  I was busy work as per uusal
had an old lady at work almost make her cry. not cool 
wants to do uni work so badly!!  But is at work, 
is hating this work experience  whats the point, its so boring!
is still doing uni work 
@jarrodwilliams was already in due to assignment work, tho had prep show for the 1st time &amp; felt organised, only to be ignored 
@clegg48 I am probably gonna get going soon for work.  i dont want to go
I don't like work  then again is anyone really surprised?
@ work  fuck i hate mondays
working working working.... in ibiza 
1st one @ work. Too bad I don't have keys to get in! 
Its so damm hot outside, why do I need to be stuck in work !! 
Please no work... 
@scholesy111 yeah i did. im ok depressed at being back in work and not out in the sunshine  you?
@fashion_hayley Is that a subtle jab in my direction?! Of course it isn't, but I feel so bad I don't have any work to show you! 
@ProducerDylan working hard keeps u out of mischief  - i saw u at 1 of the festivals, i tried 2 catch your attention, but u looked away 
Is home alone with nothing but uni work and a big telly for company 
ok...work &amp; lurk. and why am i so hungry already? 
@CorporalKitty not for me I'm gunna be stuck in work 
I hate design work  All those stupid browsers and there differences and the lack of debugging-tools for some of them... It's hell...
@ work...i miss lake travis   
is stuck at work  corporate slavery worsened by non existing affects of recession 
wadup gees. just here at work. always busy on mondays 
just woke up @sp0ngeb0b left for work 
getting a root canal done... 
@YoungQ im blocked here @ work, cant chat 
Getting ready for work, feelinn bad cause I just had to yell at my dog 
I miss not having anyone to joke around with at work  
@YoungQ im blocked here @ work, cant chat  but hopefully tonite if u get back on
@Willonious I'm bummed that willsongs are blocked at my work cuz they are internet radio   I guess I need to do some digging to listen.
@YoungQ i hope so cos cant chat til i get home from work   im blocked here @ work
doing french course work!  xxx
In class doing all this dang on work.ugh! 
work is the last place i wanna be right now 
is struggling with uni work 
Its back to the daily grind... At work 
@yungboss89 get'n ready for work ! madd tiredd  lol
Starting to get sleepy, nearly fell asleep at work  it's too hot for pregnancy! xx
Why don't any bit.y.url sites work?? They are always &quot;not found&quot; for me 
@LorimarBerrios that sucks  ru still gonna work at cornerstone?
the hubby called me to say he might be at work awhile  the washing machine went crazy and some of our furniture just came. *sigh*
actually pretty busy at work all morning...but i guess i was too quick because now i have nothing to do again..... 
at work its crappy i hate it  !!
just dropped dani off and will most likely cry at work 
i hate that everyone is watching #E3 while im at work 
@superkaylo the live thing on site doesnt work 
@bbraden08 what time yuu done . work =eww 
thinks this revision malarkey is difficult work 
is glad she went into work smiling and came out smiling irregardless of hayfever 
i should have brougt my book to read..im done with hw, now waiting for work at 1 
At work.... Yay fun 
@NongLing looks like fun but hard when I am at work 
can anyone help? i'm trying to change my backgroung image, and it wont work 
Is stuck at work!  no fun
@katfishh thats no fun  work on it outside 
is at work miserable! I don't feel well! I need someone to make me feel better! 
@ work  someone come make me smile
Not exactly thrilled to be back at work. I love it, but I'd really appreciate something with fewer bruises &amp; scrapes 
i need me a limewire like vessel for new tunes. limewire no work no more 
All the guys have gone to lunch. i'm sleepy, and tired of work  i'm gonna study math instead.
ok so tried revising but it didnt work. got so frustrated that i sat and cried for 20mins...oh dear 
my body hates me and I just passed out at work but can't go home 
@ work  deciding whether i should quit, &amp; drinking my neuro sonic.
@monicaeva lol! Aww  im bored at work, sue me! Lol ;)
@sassydamn I miss all the good stuff, I hate work 
work uggghhhhh i so dont want to go 
@darthrazorback I'm trying to vote but the link wont work 
@phatty84 just hella bored at work  lol
@sinstral_pride Thanks but I'm still busy working on that commission that I owe 
Just in bed but not tired, up at 6am for work 
jus got off work....feelin terrible 
... By forgetting to pick him up after work 
im at work  wishing i was off at the pool!
i can invite as many people as i like, as long as its not more than 10. i'm up to 11 before i even invited a mate. i guess its just work 
at work. super busy. getting a drank. upset. 
@casperstar would so much love to be there...damn my stupid life full of photoshop work I have to do 
The slowness of work is making everyone tense 
CRAPP!!!!! the vid file wont work!! AHH!!! that ticks me off!! 
@cuppy it sounds so easy, but once i start drinking beer and eating pizza, i am no longer capable of getting any work done 
@2cute_2001 I would love 2 but i'l stilll b @ work 
internode is down in north syd and now I have to do all the work I was putting off 
super bored, everyone is at work 
work time people fml 
I'm hungry....wish my wonderful husband @TheMagicSpatula would leave work and bring me some food 
still at work... awesome 
@roach632 you make it sound so easy but when you mix that w stress, pms, school, work and not having a partner to help me..it's so hard! 
Going to do one of the &quot;outs,&quot; though I'd rather pass than work... 
I think I'm going to read... and then sleep-- work at 8am  
Lots of work to do tonight... not going to sleep anytime soon 
@MsMasiya i'm at work  I can't check ya out right now love
normal people are going 2 sleep..im going 2 work..  
Straight back into it at work, no mucking around 
Jusgt comming from work.. so tired.. ouch! 
@ClarinetChick27 ill try. But my laptop Isnt working. 
im sad! i tried to upload a photo of myself n it didnt work! 
@carmR where was my invite woman!!?? i was at work though  and have to head off to work again shortly. fml!
A lil tired..not rdy 4 work 2marro  but, wateva!  *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*
only 3 days left at work...im getting a little sad now 
@mz_cherish27 stranded at work.  No whip 
@Beaniebanks urgh, work? thats no fun 
work tom 
work @ 630..and i kan't sleep! oh how this sucks 
ready for work hmm.. tired  ...x
hate work 
Its sooo boring being at work so early! 
@DermotCarmody twitter will be much quieter without you &amp; me babbling on. I'll have to actually do work now too 
doing home work  so shit
best go get some more work done. I hate the fact I can see outside where its beautiful and I'm stuck here roasting away 
doin statistics course work 
I had the choice of staying in bed/going to work/or sitting in the sun! Definatly went for the worst of the three  ....work!
loving the sun but stuck in doing work 
work is even more boring now, the only decent chap left. everyone else is boring  arrggh!
No garden, no beer, stuck in work 
PanicPanicPanic! I hope there is someone out there looking out for me! All this work better be right! 
I wana go hme! I dnt wana work in hanger 2! I wana work in hanger 1!and im extremely hungry! 
And now the hp servers have arrived too! HOOOGE toyfest (once the work is done  )
ugh, work tmrw. 
im at work at the moment 
doin some boring coding work 
morninnnnnng hah. dreaaaading work tnight 
I wana go to the beach but im at work and i dnt drive so il just make do with the garden when i get home 
Loving the sun - but its noooo good being in work 
@wallflowergrows Thank you. I just wish that things would just chill out at work. It really sucks. 
@Kiptrip tweetdeck rocks. Wish I could install it on my work laptop 
Sicky McSickerson.  the last thing i want to be doing right now is getting ready for work.  
20min till work 
@xcaix ooh hand did the a level work hand in go? i am jusr melting in work  i want to go out in the sun and play!!
getting ready for work.... sad I have to leave my new little baby 
aarrghh 63 new comments .. but my spam filter didnt work 
@NikkiTV37 being stuck at work has many disadvantages 
@MisterJ_8181 damn you for being not at work/school/uni/etc and thus being able to follow the coverage 
@azlisa I was at work and there were sad things going on  I'll talk to you tonight, though!
loves the rain. but hates it when it's pouring and cold like this before i get ready for work  can I just st... http://plurk.com/p/xvz46
...i wish i couldve stayed up and watched beacon with all my ants friends but my computer wasnt acting right...watching alone at work now 
@savingtime awsh  revising is hard  i used to do that too lol, just stare at my work doing nothing.
The espresso machine is gone! I officially have nothing left to live for at work 
It's 2 damn early 2 b @ walmart  after this, it's off 2 work I go
Goiing to my work!!! I want to sleep a litter bit moreee!! 
@audiogamer I think you'll find that everyone else is at work. 
yay, proxy/firewall broken at work. no internets 
someone ate/stole my banana at work 
@Moriqua143 too bad im at work 
work till 4  then a grey's marathon maybe!!!
still at work  want to  go outside relaxing in the sun
still trying to figure this thing out.... bored at work... 
why is my apartment always hot?  maybe my air doesnt work... 
is at work exp 
@super_hijacqker work 
setting work for students? HARDEST THING EVER.  teaching is the easy bit guys!
at work!so bored! n im hungry 
At the begining of a tornado of work 
Already gone through my  work stuff and bored 
Days at work seem long now that my job only really has the boring parts left. 
I wish I had the chance to attend the cool work events like E3 
@ work, really tired, once again could not sleep till 3am 
@YoungQ i feel left out again, cant chat live from work, this sucks. 
the picture thing on here don't be work 
@Danthefnman u shouldnt have walked from work. for the record everyone: i text him to pick him up. 
In my office doing work  womp womp
@shadeTM should have read my twitter earlier, we're back at work now! 
@sonnygill ya but i can't play til i've done my work  there were only 2 left...and i went 10 mins after it opened :-p
At work missing the nintendo press conference very sad 
i just woke up gotta go get ready for work 
off to drama filled work...great 
bin work all day, i hate agency work, want a propa job  gunna go gym n 4get about it
@MaestroFM haha ohh that sucks, its almost 90 degrees here, its so nice  is this where we boycott work and enjoy it? haha!
i'm at work but there is nothing to do. awe so boored! 
I am watching @eeelenaaa &amp; @cr09manutd work really hard as I wait to get on the clock 
3:29..have to finish this work at 5 top! u.u!  hate exams! iss soo consumingg 
I am waiting for my beautiful woman to come pick me up from work .... damn goverment just had to take my liscence 
meeting @ work  fack
@LoBosworth working... so lame 
I am so confused how does this twitter thing work. 
bubbletweet's wont work  poppys trying to break out and we hear people talking. save us
weather is too nice for work..wish I can go back to bed.. 
@MicheleMajewlz I wish I could of went...stuck at work 
somehow managed sleep but is too tired for work 
At work  blaaah but I luv miss k for making my twitter for meeeeeeee
So chad's working his late shift. I haven't told him this at all... but I hate late shifts... He's always tired when I'm awake and vv.. 
crappy mood @ work 
Holy hell I got my butt kicked at work. 
@followkitty. fool. ive been a mess. work=too much stress. i didnt even kno you were here!! 
@khloerose yes!!! That's how I feel at work 
fudge nugget my pic wont work on my computer 
have a major headache  1 hr and 24 minutes of work to go
@misssarahturner I AM following you! XD /aww, I want to go to pole dancing classes, but work conflicts a lot. 
chillin b4 work 
returned at work... sigh 
@meerasapra yup! the same... just a little pissed off with twhirl n work in general 
just got off work...nothing to do 
@MissMary aaah I'm akready @ work. 
i hate it when i get home from work and knock out then wake up at midnite and i cant go back to sleep, someone entertain me please 
@peelnet I block them too, reporting them is too much work lol. Just annoying that also on twitter people feel the need to do this 
@dntwrrybehppy my photo wont work either  
@emilorn dude, the password didnt work. No more corvettes   thinking off making a tatoo with chevy and the years they stayed alive
@exialla i don't want it to be rained out  i'd rather be doing nothing than go to school and do work.
I am ready to explode with ALL this work!  puke
joolz is gettin ready for work again....jay already there,poor thing 
is off to get ready for work  grr
@brownsugakisses I really haven't been hiding...just at work really...I was hesitant about goin out cause I didn't know who all was here 
Just had to cancel on an origin party  Why does uni work have to get in the way of the shenanigans???
@ceedee75 me either!! cant find it on nkotb.com or the community videos  hopefully when i get in from work tonight someone may have posted
just realised i cant remember any c1 or c2 work 
@LaceyJones How come the photographers never get invited to jump in the hot tub after work? 
dam got work in 40 mins 
@ work. I'm mad cause the weather is too nice to stay inside 
At my boring work 
so tired (from work)...  gotta sleep early.
@pollingj I might be able to help, I've got some reasonable applescript skills. No mac at work though 
Needs to do some work but the amount of actual spam emails is starting to take it toll! 
At work want to go home 
Damnit been given work to do  There goes me getting anything done over next few days.
wondering why my computer at work hates me so much 
@dberm - hope the show was great.  i got stuck at work... 
@missgadgetuk lack of work sucks even more, trust me I'm unemployed 
at work and facebook doesn't work 
at work till 230...boo 
Ah a good work out...haven't had one in 1 wk...hurt my back at work 
at work trying to keep my mind off of him. This distance aint no joke. 
ughh at work slightly bored 
About 2 interview another employee, getting the stuff ready... work, work. my life's boring. 
I just want to go back to bed  screw work
bored  waitin for the bf to finish work
a pidgin just flew onto my window @ work, scared me 
nooooo i just accidently killed my sim and it just got a promotion at work, boooooo 
@TheRealLFO july 10th!!  i bet i have 2 work! come 2 charlotte! i'm sure my manager wouldn't mind if U sang to me in the fittingroom LOL!
gettin ready for work boo 
Couldn't sleep and now at work tired as hell 
none of my plugins work. even better 
Thats a little annoying. SSMS addin works in 2005, not 2008 
@RachelCampbell_ rachel! how did you get a pic working? mine wont work 
sat at home doing history corse work 
sitting in a training room at work...learning a project cuz I have too 
@LukePritch well then, have fun! i wanted to come but unfortunatly i gotta work 
gotta get ready for work 
@sheatrevor  well, call me when you get a quick break from work OK?
@oceanician But right now getting to anything outside my house is pretty impossible so I'm gonna have to co-work with Friends 
@junebuggg Nothing at work  hungry!
in work, good times 
It's back to square one: so cold and windy here. As a result I've to drop the idea of after-work shipping party 
feeling like shit at work...yay me  
So tired but can't sleep, and i have tl get up early for work 
i finished 1/2 the work........better head off 2 bed now 
I'm really tired...the &quot;not sick&quot; cat puked all over my blanket while I was at work, so I'm waiting for laundry to finish so I can sleep. 
oh goody i love work 
At work. just got some down time and i am wondering why agemo is mad at me for calling her dick sweat 
@jon_k15 stop talking about it, you!    I come to twitter for happy thoughts during work!
@discoverymom  lol!  I'm here at work - no need to feel guilty.  No one brought donuts to work  or I'd be eating them!
apparently i still need to do the sodding sainsburys shop before i get to go out  maybe i should just go out in my work clothes
nope didnt work, and now i'v broken it 
somehow i just wanna laze around when i know i have tons of work to be done. gahhhhh. 
@stefinley4 I AM awake  I had work at 9am!
so tired i could barely walk out to my car from work... so crazy crazy crazy busy 
@PRProSanDiego aaah! wondered.  had problems listening at work   we all miss ken dearly!!
@JianJL nah; boring as it seems, I'm still probably stuck at work then 
@_CorruptedAngel but don't feel too bad, i've been so busy with work i've not done any #ff yet 
Storm equals yard work, my yard is a mess 
Still feels like crap  but is at work 
whyyyyyyyy did the electricity have to come back on so soon... was SO close to leaving work early  #fb
gettin ready for work. fml. 
@arieanna ahhh yes, I agree... I just don't have that luxury at work. 
off 2 work in a bit....i hate the rain 
@divadanielle88 omg this stuff is hard work! lol im like ahh work and nothing happens  haha
@BeaWise  stupid work. They need to start giving a shit about their employees, sounds like
my myspace wont work 
im still at work  this is when i am at my least productive, when i am forced to stay late and have another place to be!!
@ohsailor i dont work saturdays!!! 
No work tonight... I wish I was working, actually. Nothing's happening and I could be making money. 
says a little more patience and a lot more work is badly needed... 
@kacymariemae my dad wont bring me to your work 
has to go into work at 5.blah 
WOW, a lot work needs to be done!!! I hate getting sick. 
@Jondapope yeah mork has work, it makes me sad   I'll give you a ring once I get home.
done with the work trip, but delayed at the airport  #fb
Not a happy camper.  I just wanna be done at work so I can go home. 
@AmberleHolly haha yeah same here!!!just getting off work and its like ummm now what? lol ant this weather ainthelping 
am ill,exhausted,sore,at work and keep losing my temper 
I am at work...trying to figure out twitter...my pic wont upload      my background is pretty though!
heading to bed guys, up at 5.30 for work 
@stefaknee gotta work 12-4  suck
@JonasBrothers the link wont work for me  what is it?! xxx
@Gerridd I know right. I got work at 7am. 
@johnnythehut ah no fair... I am stuck at work 
blehhhh work in 40 min 
Getting ready for another long nite @ work  One more nite to go....
@emilygonsalves  how does that work? I'm still new to twitter things.  And, I really don't like how illustrator handles gradients 
Sleeeeeep sleeeeep zzzzzz. That's what I'm doing after work!! 
So i'm at work some one calls in on me and then a girl falls and hurts her self badly  .. So hard to be manager !
I suddenly  have the urge to go dancin, but I'm still at work 
Just got work n doesn't have anything to do 
I wanna watch baseball.  i was invited to a party after work though. I am going to pass
is not at work anymore.  &lt;---- alarmingly fitting emoticon, wtf-ers...
sleepy. gotta work early 
@gemcruz i can't  i have work. i miss you guys too. that's why all of you should come this october. lol.
@keybler  sucks I haven't even got my first hit...lol...I be at work we he goes live
@work on saturday... 
argh - work on a saturday 
@megnesium still gotta work...i still in office..i got ship later.. 
@n_davis07 i dnt think ill be able to get off work i have 0 seniority 
I guess i should get ready for work.  I REALLY dont want to go.  *cries*
Too much friggin work 
@prateekgupta oh i hav loads of work...but got a sinus attack 
So exhausted...work at 10 am, omgsh.  
is feeling very sad that so many buddies are leaving work   #fb
@thoughtlesshero im sleepy from work   *sigh* i knw im addictd to these.showz!
mmmm....@ work 
Is stood outside work in the rain waiting 2 get in 
so my brother is goin to have his surgery on the 25th. this better work out like its supposed to 
I don't want to go to bed. But work in the am 
just got done eating got work in the am 
just finishd work and im in a really angry mood 
work  have to walk aswell :'(
Morning - been up really early catching up on lots of work... weather is terrible outside 
I hope blink 182 tickets don't sell out before 4  stupid work...
is at work and im cold 
@fridley awesome!!! would love to come have some prawn dumplings, but work beckons 
i have just returned from work and its raining 
getting ready 4 work!  huff huff
by the way, i thought id be able to get all your twitters sent to my italy phone but it wont work 
whenever i vote for tom, it doesnt work 
@whatEZit @yourbluegene LOL my bad. I was hella faded too but now I got work 
@jennyjardine i hate wen thngs dnt work  aw man  :L lol, x   x
sooooo tired i hate having to be at work at 9 am... 
Noooooooooooo my pc got boned!!! Where'd my work go 
@ashlifer silly little boy, nice and dry in here! (work) 
@DjMrillmatic u got a link? my zshare doesnt work  ima have to find it...is it good?
Days off seem so much better when your actually in work 
it's saturday and i'm at work YAY 
Things are so fucked up at the garage at work. I hope everything settles down soon 
still in the office... lots of work..... have to skip tweeter meet uo ... 
@MrNotez gettin ready for work 
had to go home early because of work  major bummer
i don't want to be at work, i want to be snuggled up in bed with the hus 
I'm a little upset that I can't sleep past 9:00 AM anymore....stupid work schedule screwed up my lazy sleeping schedule 
work till 3. i still miss my fishy 
im tweeting at work, business is slow 
@ work!! Ugh I'm sooooo tired guys 
in the library doing work on a saturday mehhhhhhh 
back home doing maths portfolio again.. sighs. i cant concentrate on any work atm 
@REGYATES please play gossip heavy cross! Immense tune! From ash @work 
blarg. gotta work now. 
work is effort  i want to go do something nice! :]
saturday... work again... 
#satleo really wanted to be there folks. but work stopped me from comin down 
That last coupon made me miss my work buddy @lamcdonald. 
work. sprint palm pre release..sigh 
omg worst hangover ever...at work trying to stay focused lol..this is the worst ugh 
@mehulved I wont be able to meet anyone - I'm there for work 
my txts dont work 
work in 35mins  boo much?
I'm at work until 4, but when I get off, I have nothing to do 
My thumb is in so much pain. No advil, work at 12. 
@nikkluv &lt;3 I hate timezones  they make me angry. are you at work now?
i failed fu man june  stupid work
At work bored as fuck 
wtf, my picture wont work 
45 mins until I start work 
@knightbergsgirl I'm at work by myself 
can't be downtown anymore now i actually have work to do 
ok so much for that idea.... work calls 
My tooooth I wanna kill someone !  @ work and its killing me !
it always feels so late when i get off work on saturdays. 
I now really really really have to starve myself, until I can get some work and sell the stuff I don't need anymore 
is bored and hating this college work.. i know it will be worth it but i just seem to have no serious motivation 
text me 830-556-6939 anyways. i might miss half of gradutation  i gotta work. srry friends ...
I have to get ready soon  hate work
Getting ready to try and show up at work and get someone to go home! im broke 
gettin ready for work  hopefully datsyuk can add some spark to the wings tonight
at work and completely bored!! blah! I need a hug. 
im bored at work. I don't want to work tonight 
work and a hang over down mix well 
@RizzBoston I wish I was but gotta work 
missing out the football for work xD what a drag 
http://twitpic.com/6rk9v - coming home from work with no money makes me feel like this.. 
getting ready for work.3:30 to 12:00am.im never working this shift again! 
got in frm work @ 7. sitten in my local curry waiten 4 a takeaway. work 2mro again, no night out 4 me 
On my way 2 work...aint ate nuthin 
*sigh* work 130 to 1030 I have to miss outbreak 
REALLLLLLLYYY hoping they visit!!!!!!!!! sitting at work bored as hell. 
@spacebetween41 it didnt work 4 me  i'll keep playing tho
Yay off of work! but *ugh* traffic sucks butt  and its only on base!
@KimKardashian that link doesnt work! 
Is at work.......this is lame 
im at work untill 10    
@garrardmc have fun, im at work 
Oh jesus today is hectic at work client after client. I need a back rub 
@ work  wanting to be at the fight with the rest of the guys.
Feeling very stuck on something for work.  Not good 
@edwardhan at work, i gotta dial 9 to call out, then 1 before the area code. i pressed 1 twice 
@Charlestrippy the new vloggity vlog dosent work 
@pwrofbauer are you working later? I'm going stir crazy at work but arn't off till 8 
@nelsonmaud me either, gotta work 
At work and super bored 
@cri333 u still at work 
ready for work.. nt in the mood to serve a bunch of mean customers 
@nawtyuh I know this is lame, but I tried to use the aging cheat, and it wouldnt work for me.  I can't have my sims get old!!
@zombiemoses noo im sad. i wanted to go shoot some pictures of it but i didnt get off work till 6 and had no idea when it was going on 
@DjDonQ LoL im at work till 10  I work at subway in oak park
@DrWatts I cant  @work u lil punk.
tired, havent been feeling to well, doctors dont know what i have......  possibly have to go get blood work done
Just got home from work,now what should I do?I have no tj 
@meggy_babe agreed, how was work? heaps of randoms now 
OH: I need a nap before work, it won't happen!  http://tinyurl.com/p36989
Trying this hair thing. If it doesnt work... well fail. 
getting ready for work  im really lazy and tired. ugh.
in some serious need to kill something right about now...  stressed the f*** out.   -- finishing linux work
red sox win!!! in my excitement i took a spill at work... recovering 
@kristimcarlson i'd luv to but i got no inet at home  how 'bout emailing me the story? I can check @ work
got off work early. caught up wit one of my babymamas but desperately wishin i was at the gucci concert 
@togreat_heights what if it doesnt work...what im i goin to do than? 
feeling sick for work tommorow not cool 
@mindpinball no lucky socks  I had 2 work. This is all my fault.
At work and missing my tv 
@sammieepaige fred was on there. :/ have you seen the chemistry work???  it's depressing. helppp meee. D:
Home from dinner &amp; coffee with mom.. trying to buckle down and get some work done but I'm sooooo tired I can't keep the eyes open.  
@DiiLee hate paper work ..  alla e3eeenich 7abooba 
going to bed, work at 6am. have to be up by 4:45. blah 
@jam_jam9: dude! i was totally going to invite you bcuz we had an extra ticket! but i thought you were at work. 
i've got work later!  man, i just cant connect to the internet there.
@karisaurusrex girl! I really wanted to come but it is just too far. I have work in the morn 
@JMotyl vacay30 didnt work for me 
6.39am at work and I feel sick 
@DaRave I'm sure it is.  definitely takes work and time to break bad habits. I've had/still have bunches of 'em! It's worth the work tho
Checking out if i can tweet from my bro's cel ...it doesnt work from mine 
@nb42 got work buddy.. 
demi, the skin doesnt work properly 
i'm allergic to something at work. my arm is swollen. 
work in 20 mins  not happy!
I'm in work - on a sunday... 
up watching strikeforce fights, diaz looked good, alrovski didnt.. abit tired and have got work now  lame
Off to bed...work at 12  but gotta wake up at 10:30 ...I'm takin L's left and right.
should be sleeping cuz work 
is at my friend's. working on three skool projects 
@its_me_yvonne i was at work and couldnt update 
I'm at work pity me 
@DubarryMcfly yeah i guess but youre not bored at work. I am  loveyoufletch xxx
im soo tired  but if i sleep any longer i won't get up for work 2morro  i hate my work!
still don't really get it? getting up for a shower now then gonna actually start to plough through my mountainous pile of work... 
at work. on a sunday 
working on the college work which needs done urgh 
Is in work  on sunday there should be a law against this !!
really wantin to watch the new channing tatum movie 'fighting' thought i had it downloadin turned out to be phony  now doin work papers
has just finished work......dreading goin back in tonite 
@totalfrog &lt;3 &lt;3 If only I could make the thing work properly 
@gdmpwm1 whys that? work reasons? 
starting to knit my winter scarf 2009, hope i get to finish this one. the 2008 one is still a work in progress 
at work with a mini hangover.... 
at work. boutta die. hungry&amp; exhausted. wawa. 
sleeeeeeepy lol but i gotta get ready for work 
ack lots of uni work to do 
#work won't be home till late tonight 
I want to do something today besides wash my work clothes in preparation for work at three...I live a sad life. 
I'm at work bored with nothing to do I feel so useless 
best get ready for work 
@asig_chris I came up for Beths lunch at work and they are so slammed she can't take her break. 
miscommunication, im supposed to be at work ..on my way  
@kirstiealley lucky to have work!We lost our business!Uuuuggghhh!!!! 
ugh. i feel like such a complainer. I have the worst headache in the world thou.  work till 4 then out n bout.
I need some mudafucjin soup and my wonder women are @ work n jersey and n bmore@work 
@ESADTice hahah I am I have my comp with me at work! That's how slow it is 
fml at work until close on this beauitful dayyyy 
Catching up on emails and blogs before work at 5 tonight...bummed the nice weather is gone 
work up a little bit too late 
having super technical difficulties using the @mr_burnett career site. all i want to do is great work for you 
im late for work! 
Getting ready for work.... I leave in about 30 mins but I have to wait on my ride  Not driving sucks but I can't afford it anyway...
So were all done with work...but have to sit here till four for dogs to be picked up lol. And i have a killer headache 
Ever been so sleepy you did your house work in your dreams? I woke up late did a few things, then slept some more and I'm still sleepy 
everytime i try to get u off of my mind..it doesnt work at all.. i loved u ever since i first met u.. &amp; i tried to forget about u.. but.. 
OK I haven't been on here ages, they banned twitter at work! 
I just got home from work... And now im working again....on my dang homework... 
is glad this headache's basically gone, but kind of sad because that means that work needs to be done now. 
didn't make it to the slab, bummer  .. work till close and i'm already so tired.
@cliffskeyiscool I get off from work at 12;30am  What are you doing??
im falling asleep at work 
@Gamyllionaire haha well that noggin of yours is oozing with awesomeness! but it wont work like that.. i can't tickle myself 
ugh my wifi dont work again 
I need to go to bed, work in the morning, not gonna like it after being off sick from work 
@carors Thank you, rlly thank you, i'm so so sad, then i will add you. Now i'm cying while i'm doing a work for my sistah 
They took my beer away from me at work  lol http://tinyurl.com/kmrfrd
@wordupitsmeg YAY i am so happy you can go! i am at work but i will call you when i get home....no texting remember 
@jennyjenjen Probably not - I got wrapped up in some work stuff. It's a plague 
okay so I'm at work and I totally threw up!  
tash is feeling very ill so no work for me. 
at  work  these new people need alot of training.
i jus came form work and im tried 
depressed  vlc dont work, my life is over!
got her mojo workin'... but it just dont work on him... 
Is at work while everyone else got 2 sleep in 
Getting ready for work; worried about my little love's fraidy self 
@mofgimmers I failed at trying to convince people at work to vote. 
I had to go home early from work. I couldnt stop barfing &amp; then my gut started hurting SO bad  i was on a good till too. Right by @alannab
finishing some work and then it is back to sacred for a bit before heading home from dan's... 
I'm going to go work out!...I'm sad..I wish he would call me..but that that would only ruin things 
xD . i have no cluee how 2 work twitter , 
gabbie, i dont even have a bookcase!  my aim password wont work
@iampritty jus got in from work, aint heard nuttin 
doin sum work 
I want to just keep watching skins but i should probably get some work done 
not ready for work manana 
At work, alone... don't get out until 12 am... damn... 
back up my computer because it started to make funny noises and i dont want to lose all the work ive done today   - http://bkite.com/08hWP
@melmyfinger how did the epic chubby bunny go? i had to miss it because i was at work 
trying to make twitter work 
@Equestrian90 ooc: sorry, it didnt work. 
i am exhausted!!! work tmrw  
@alwaystaeyang aw, you still have work to do? y?  I'll try to stop by but I can't guarantee that I'll stay long enuff to keep u company 
@sweet_kiwi57 so how did u get ur background 2 work??  the one i want from the twitterbackground site won't show up 
getting ready for bed . work in the am 
p, had food, shit weather  should go get dressed for work i suppose.. :\
worse thing is it means I can't go anywhere lunchtime, will be stuck in work 
very very tired and really dont want to be at work 
@MizzyLB hey i'm doing good. was just real busy with work. dont know why im at work 2day  def leaving early
yay finishing work in 5 minutes woo hoo.. damm it I have to go to physie 
here comes the rain again, that means the children cant go outside at work tommorrow 
why do they refuse to put nice things in our vending machine at work? complained about it no end,yet they still give us 5/7 slots of cola 
@katherine_craug work 
@CptCswife the url no work. 
bored in work again!! my wee girly is ill  &amp; I want to be with her 
trying to set up my mobile so i can update twitter on the go. It dont work 
is back at work  flip side is only 2day and 2moro to do at work!!
Ahh taxis late shud have been at work at half past 
@Russattitude I would honestly love to but I just rolled in and have to be at work at 8.  I'm always looking for drinking buddies though!
dont want to be in work 
it's really hard to b at work and concentrate when u know that everybody else's on vacation...arg 
cleaning cleaning cleaning a womans work is never done 
@wandering_fairy awwwwwwwwwwwww congratz  I wish my celebs recognize my work 
getting a little more used to the new doo... tried to catch waves after work... why is it that it gets dark so much faster in winter 
@ work tired as fuck.just want to go home &amp; cuddle next to the hub! 
Its cold and wet and I'm waiting outside for this girl to come to start work 
@nbk67 I dont have any chocolate  and I do have to stay at work. Most of the prgrams work, i just rly need the email to get anything done
Just watchin telly waitin to go bak 2 work  really pleased things r turnin around now! 
Up at work feeling like crap 
 I cant get ma rarse outa bed. I NEED 2 get sum work done!
My #1 boss (Actually i have 2) just told me he'd better work alone...  And I'd better work with my #2 boss... hate dual subordination 
work mbp just black-screen-o'-death'ed me. I didn't do nuffin, I swear 
At work. It kinda sucks 
sigh,,,,,work 
The teachers here are absolutely rubbish - keep losing my work  you no what I HATE? the sound of people sneezing haah, it irritates me...
just on a wee break from work have 2 go back soon 
Is at work and feels like crap 
starvation doesnt work.. feel faint 
@TalluluhBella it doesnt work chick i hate to tell you! the twitpic doesnt work on blackberry well it didnt on mine  xxx
My going to bed self is always more ambitious then my waking up self...no work out for me this a.m.  
i'm not even dressed and i'm supposed to be at work in 10 min. It takes 20 for me to get there. 
@mr_billiam it must have been upsetting for you, considering the work you are doing. 
@artistiquemeg Doing stupid uni work  
@missjosie shit haha come work at sq! i need a buddy 
is ill with chicken pox atm listening to music XD but rather bored works been sent home  so doing skwl work to 
one of the worst feelings in the world in knowing you're good at work and you're not appreciated for that 
not going into work.. not feeling well   new video http://bit.ly/srcfY
off 2 work, really miss mak  , txt it phone kinda works agn.
wondering why it always rain just when it's time 2 get off work. Now I'm stuck in this damn traffic 
@mrjiff   work = lame
At work with not much to do, yet everyone gets on my ass to do something 
hates having hangovers whilst at work 
I sooo dont want to b at work right now 
Currently waiting for laptop to stop crawling so I can do some work... sigh. 
..at work; i can feel a slump coming on .. im not happy.    
I'm up super early for once. As might as weel head into work early and try to get some work done. I'm so tired, but can't sleep 
Wish i had a bigger van   Lots of work has come in 
bored  signed off work, got nothing to do 
lunching and tweeting! hate being at work when its such a nice dayyy 
at work, where that yellow globe in the sky go 
at work and am dying... 
let the work begin... 
work soooooooooon, need to sell 2 or 3 shoecare things... please come buy them off me 
I can't wait to be done with work and cuddle in my bed...so tired 
doesnt want to be at work yuck 
I really dont want to be at work.  I want to be doing something productive.
@aasish_francis lucky bitch..i'm still at work!! with hardly any work!! 
its back 2 work 2morrow 
offer to practice but has to go into work.  guess it will have to wait till later..
stressing out with all this work, not 100% settled in to it yet. and i wanna treat someone special thurs but wont work 
@missmusze Wow, I hope this was taped by someone. I can't listen at work! 
At work and missing someone very special 
@TuSalsera  everything work out at the dentist? i have to go myself 
at work till 8, blah 
ewwww i have 2 get ready for work now  seriously, just shoot me now! I need a new job so0o0o bad
playing catch up at work and still have this heavy feeling in my chest. 
thinking that work is not meant for everyone 
am at work bored 
is out running errands for work...it's monday again 
@Mommykins41 and @Boomstone aww, man, i'm dying here, wish i could listen to all the blips but not allowed to stream music at work 
soo tired ... a lot of work  xoxo
at work, and bored, but i guess u gotta love it 
Not having internet at work is no fun 
 My perfect work of art on my hand has smudged!  Poooeypoopoo..
drinking b00ster j00se &amp; getting ready for work...woo afternoons! 
ugh don't start work until the 6th.....so I guess I'll start packing and moving!!! fun...... 
ohhhh dogs are such hard work 
wants to be outside in the sun insted of @ work 
sitting at work already finished wut i had to do so now im bored 
is loving katikates! having lunch with my boo then meeting at work then working  come visit!
@fireflyvodka1 boooooo facebook is blocked at work for me 
back from work... argh, I hate working at oppressive weather 
bout to go work out  im crampin too I hope and pray they dont try to kill me!!!
I have never been so excited (in a very intellectual sense) to try out the infamous explicit.bing.net but I'm on my work computer 
really angry tonight. didnt go to beavers-cant anymore. my aunt leads and makes my work there hell. so upset 
at work....its so beautiful outside i want to go tanning...but im stuck in the office 
Is at work like a sucka! 
my mommy's at work  lol
weekends over  gettin ready for work
well guess my charger doesnt work again!!!! grrrr..... 
@MikeLewisLP Your work's fun though! 
has an unfortunate looking lump on her knee from falling at work  le sigh.. why must i be such a klutz
@des4530 oh...in that case friend..no sorry I dont  why aint you at work? and is the comp fixed?
well the stanely cup parade looked nice. i was stuck at work 
It really bothers me when the internet doesnt work cause i feel very disconnected 
at work wondering when i will lose my job like everyone else 
damn internet wont work  stupid planned power outage
@CuKatch where am I to go bighead? gotta sleep for work now anyways 
@AndrewZamora not work volunteer  and yes its hard work  wat u up to?
About to yard work what fun. I was going to go apply for a job but hubby said I don't want you to work. 
At work  yuck
@digitalproduct no  gotta work...you going? im jealous! lol
at work...no fun 
Watching the sun come up then getting ready for work 
@annie_pants yeah, its not noah baumbach's best work 
@FatDHauteBEE aqua lounge, but I can't I have work 
@elle_42 YouTube is blocked @ work  I'll watch it when I get home though!
I try to be productive during the first 30 before work starts, I usually end up on here doing nothing productive 
Going to play pool tonight with work collegues should be a laugh but got wait untill 12 as they dont finish work til then 
Starting uni work 
argh its cols, I have work in 40mins 
why why why... must I put myself through this pain. It's called work  #fb
started using google reader after like 2 months (too busy with work) and now i'm constantly refreshing and not working 
@ work  #fb
@DaveyKichens what book? i'd LOVE to be sleeping... its 8.37am and I'm at work! 
hehe i like my britney spears purfume, smells pretty. matt at work, has pretty writing i told him that he just sarcastically said it back 
@Mamasaywhat bitch!!  Lol...j/k...mines almost done too...then 1 1/2 - 2 hour work out 
my brother forgot to pick me up.  *does more work*
staying late at work   total bummer
at work until 9! feel like total crap. i hate being out of it 
jus got off work....super tired but the messed up part is i have to do laundry when i get home 
trying to finish these darn reviews!!!!!! Just don't ahve time at work 
hates it when things fuck up at work 
Donevwith work bored with nothing but my thoughts 
is trying to un-hate somebody at work. it's just soooo hard. 
super late for work because i overslept out of serious lethargy. Would've slept till 12 if the loud noises didn't wake me up 
at skool doing skool work!!!!!  
Home .... gotta work 2morrow 
i left my mac at my place of work. i bet it's lonely 
reading a few chapters of choke, sleep, work. i still feel like shit. 
work..meh 
aw pushing daisies    I hope we actually get work tomorrow.  Even though im in charge of THE most tedious task LOL   bedddd!
arg so tired, and work tonite 
I need to revise biology tommorrow.  got LOTS of work to do
bout to take it down.. talked to my boo for half a second... work work work.. dont want to stress him,, but im stressin bout him 
- Getting 'er done.. 16 hrs of work behind me. Not sure how many left in front 
@rodleland gah.......... thats when i get most of my work done.... 
@ms_monk work. blame @acatinatree. 
just got home from work &amp; steven's.... started a migraine halfway through my shift....  thank goodness for excedrin for migraines!!
im apparently not allowed to tweet at work 
@ashwinn all work and no travel would make @ashwinn a dull nerd .. 
@sir_tomtom haha nice work! i just hate that they can take away our individual decision making like this 
just had brain fart at work and couldn't spell certain countries, wow i look like a twat 
Right, I have had painkillers and gallbladder is still sleeping lol. So off for shower and work    Laters lovlies have a beautiful da ...
ack! work 
@JonLuke It's too bad you're stuck at work &amp; can't enjoy the weather. 
Sitting in work at the computer. soooo bored 
Loads of work to do. 
finally i finishing my work...yaaaayyy...cant watching sherina at playlist  
Oh darn alex is still sick. I hate missing work 
so my legs still hurt from all this work and dancing...  any ideas on how to make the pain go away?
@smithdavid787 huh? I'm obviously very tired.  I hate work. LOL. I did have a dream I hit the lotto.
its a public holiday and im at work 
couldn't get #opera #unite to work onmy work machine due to office firewall 
am beyond tired and the driling building works outside the office window not helping my mood, need sleep, dont want to be at work 
Totally bummed out at work!  heh
the company were amazing but so are sorealcru at the body rock09 http://bit.ly/zBUzT off2work,..already stressed out 
better get ready for work 
now i see one of the bad ideas of nocturnal work... i get a bit crabbier than usual... 
how the hell does this thingy work? 
finished work, want to go home, but have to go back to study 
@cursetherotten jonathan told me!  i dont work thursdays!!!!!!!!!
awake so fuckig early fuck physics ; fuck work 
Sitting in work looking out at the good weather 
I would do it! But my mommy is at work  so i have no way to your house poop
is out of graphic novels to listen to at work, and will be listening to lectures for a while  #fb
2wks since #cervicaldiscsurgery, work release=no lifting over 5lbs, no excessive bending, twisting, stretching,pulling. rules out yoga 
@poptrashmusic work  too bad there's not a hang myself emoticon
work again dammit 
I need to get my shit together for work!! 
should really get up and do something... but  can't be arsed. epecially as I have work later 
I just love waking up at 7 am when I have to be at work at 1 and probably will not fall back asleep 
@nosuchuser not anymore.  work got in the way!
Oh shit I'm crying at work! 
@nell_xo at least you aren't stuck in work like I am 
@cherrymafia you're welcome. ;) eh, i'm about to goto work.  I dunno, I've been thinking about selling them. They're BNIB still..
off to have foodies and stuffs before work, ughhh 
@ work ughhhhhhhhh busy tuesday!!!!!!!! 
 need to start getting ready for work ... Why do i have to go to work when everyone else is off?? What did i do to deserve the crap shifts
@SRowl U still here...work, work, work.....remember oh and......blank - no more rope references can be found 
I am so angry on my teammate and specially on myself for not using testing in some previously project  I've got a lot off extra work now..
Getting ready for work  I must say, starting at 9 kicks the shi- out of starting at 8 haha
Lating lunch ... A fry's cream everything is disgusting tired and dying i hate work and i need a new job aswell 
http://twitpic.com/7jedg - Yay work  #fb
is really tierd and hungry, got work till 6! 
@Seargee he's a DeathEater, make your work hard (8) no me se mas.. 
@Seargee he's a DeathEater, make your work hard (8) no me se mas.. 
yearly and semi-yearly haircuts are NOT acceptable! i do NOT want to go into work  why do people do this?!?
i would post a twitpic but my webcam wont work 
is this thinking that this work load is never going to end!!! 
at work looking at all these piles of things i have to do 
kk ill bbl got to get ready for work 
@NadNeurotic hehe...well chow 4 nw...got work 2 do... 
i feel like shit, i really don't want to be at work 
Bahhh! Barricuda the big fish ate my twitter!! The site is now blocked at work. 
does microsoft office for mac 2008 excel autosave to a temp file or cache somewhere? I've just lost 90 minutes of work. 
@zamare I need to drink some tea I got all kinds at work  I like your pic!
i have a lot of work to do!!  i need some inspiration
Is so so bored at work!! someone save me!! 
doing spanish work at prek  no ditty again!  -A.
Feeling sleepy. Loads of work to do. 20 page case to read.   
working in transportation is a slaving job, im just getting off work been there 3days straight n bk again 2nite...need a vacation! 
At work...sad b/c I left my earplugs to my pod touch!!!!  
I feel I'm missing TONS from ontd_ai but I can't be online too long at work 
really cant work twitter!!! 
Something weird is going on here at work.  Just have a bad feeling.  
nothing to do @ work  ugh
ok so the cutest puppy in the world needs dental work...      at least she doesnt have business interviews to go to!!!!
gotta tear myself away and do work now 
so sleepy... but I have a bunch of work to do 
At work..tired as hell 
has to get ready for work.... poopy 
Something I've realized: I star so many tweets with links I want to look at when I get home after work and invariably never look at them 
doingg work.  ughh! need inspiration.!
is off 2 work in abit 
3rd strike: work laptop. who says there's only 3 strikes, right? 
@JesseMcCartney jesse i try and leave you msg's on saynow and it wont work 
@ManMadeMoon But unlike me, I bet those social network-less caveman actually get work done instead of checking twitter every minute 
work work work.. need to get a second job.. and get my clear skin back.. and lose some weight... ohh how the list goes on 
@geekloverr  work, je commence a 7h30 mais j'habite tellement loin...
@allieg0rge0us I can't I have work! 
at work..yaaayyya!!! still workin in my project! 
........bored at work...arent i ever!! 
at work.. my tummy hurtss 
@rcdellara wish I could buy I am stuck at work 
At work and super bored 
at work!! im so ready to go home 
I don't  mean to sound like a tool, but fuck scheduled maintenance!  I wanted to play my druid before work. 
still at work  very excited for pride!!! ahhhhhh!
After a great workout, I'm going to go eat something nutritious, then getting ready for work 
just posted up at work....my twitter on my blackberry still isnt working 
i cant work this thing 
havent been twittering in awhile  busy at work .. 
is back @ work &amp; has nothing to do because my phone died 
@BigSerg i stay forgetting my glasses when im at work. LOL. i WISH i had em. damn. 
@benlimphoto lol! ok, as long as u dont work that hard when u shoot weddings. the pp work would kill u otherwise 
@lainiep whish i could join live but i am at work 
i have a crazy amount of work that needs to be done but not enough timee!   i desperately need a partner in crime
@akoundal dude u need a break..like a drive to a place unknown...enjoy nature and get back to the ...well....same old work 
argh.. msn wont work.  #squarespace
rain went away and i am crazy ready for mr.strout to get off work! 
somebody at work ate all my salsa and i didnt get any 
Doesn't feel good but really needs to get some housework done 
file work .... feeling like d worst thing of d world right now 
so tired, work was as busy as expected   we so need more staff, oh well, i will soldier on
bout to hop in the shower real fast start getting dressed for work 
so tired, back 2 work 2moro 
@jdaldous I'm at work now  no kate for me
@corruptedlies meh. why does work suck so much? 
@p1dietcokehead yeah I'm @ work. 
work, work, work.  all work and no play makes sammy a dull girl 
@miss_tattoo  well....it'll give me an excuse to do some more work LOL
@leanne1412 i won't be there  damn friggin' work ......GRRRRRRRRRR
ok nevermind no show for us tonight :/ but I do get to go into work  yay for me,heavy on the sarcasm
At work at 740 and i dont officially start till 9 
awww man work a double shift and i'm done! 
Ooooooohnoooooo I forgot to charge my ipod at work...I have one sad little bar left... 
ben woke up for work, and now im awake 
work was longgg. looking forward to tomorrows activities. not looking forward to thursdays exam and work again 
has his blackberry back but twitterberry doesnt work to good on the storm 
my feet are numb   and i'm sooo tired! and havent finished my work yet 
2min yeaih omg there is a storm ..ruined my plan to go shopping after work 
@rabidchinagirl your freedom from work was not long for this world, get back to work like the rest of us. 
Nothing to do all my friends r gone or at work 
my stupid twitterfox wont work 
@SHEENZZZ  i av work 2mor lady 
@boostpower: i feel ya... in a meeting spree at work too 
@tracy_detlor at work 
awake. have to get ready for work, don't want to go  everything sucks right now
Ahhh work at 8pm again  nobody likes me
i know how i could install it but it'd be a lot of work.. 
I told MermaidCatcher that I was at work &amp; couldn't meet him @4. I have heard nothing back 
anyone got some work for me?? times are so tough 
trying to figure out why limewire wont work. 
Tired of work, n all the bullshit 
dunno if that worked by the way cos i don't have sound on my computer @ work 
dinner and reading for class...then nap before work..my jason is already at work.. 
@thepietastic hows work w/o me kenny?? 
@mistresskeo  ... I hope things work out for the best, whatever that happens to be.
work, tweets stops here 
 so tired from work http://bit.ly/pQHGk
goingto work, with a bad fucking headache 
@tnrainbeau well its your turn cause my only idea of google didnt work! 
mmmm lot of work 
@chokeonthedrama i had to take mine out for work  guh i like cried. i'm pathetic
getting ready for work  sucks kicking it with my family
Still got work to do  #fb
@SiraBah aww  get that work done missy! Lol
I want to get my gf now but got to wait for her to be done with work 
You know that key between the f and h? yeah mine doesnt work 
I got stuck @ work doing overtime and I'm not happy. I miss my baby like crazy . I need to be right next to you, lying in your arms. 
@permeister ty lots of hard work  lol
trying to make twitter work - which isnt hapenningg!!  
i am sick of xml...Why does all xml work come on to me always.. 
waiting for new firmware, looks like ill have to now until after work! oh well 
Why is it 10min too late? No more uncertainly but back to old routine work.  - http://tweet.sg
It's rapidly approaching 2am and I am supposed to be at work at 7. 
I have to be at work 6am 
I hate it when your drinking your tea but you know you gotta get up and ready for work. I just kind of don't want to move. Or bed 
Ugh feel so sick I can't move  don't think I can handle work!
Just arrived at work ..........crap 
@IMBASE that is cool? what kind of music.... work 4 me 
is up and ready for work... gutted i missed the gig last nite.... ah well! 
- All work and no play makes metoo a dull girl!!! 
is in the library bored out of my brains, trying to write my essay whilst building work is going on...hmm 
is sick as in in bed and not at work  #fb
Wish i .ben't left my coat at work, it's raining quite a bit. 
i haaaaaave sims 3 =D =D =D =D but as soon as its done installing i have to leave for work 
im in bed... need to get up for work soon  x
is sick as in in bed and not at work  #fb
Dophie not lookin so hott  two am so doesnt work for me i need my beauty sleep so the beauty is added to the me
work sucks 
its 5:21 and im already at work  
(by summer I mean &quot;work to get money for uni&quot;  )
I enjoy watching the sunrise as long as it is cuddling with a special someone and not staring out a window at work 
is sick as in in bed and not at work  #fb
i just found out my work is closing on monday....bad times  any1 want 2 hire a geography graduate with a masters in rural development?
would love to go to sleep now... but i have a whole lot of work to do first. 
@CandiceCordeiro @mrshefcodes haha! I'd love to jump on a plane and party it up but I have this thing called work, and no leave 
@Firequacker Congratulations!! I would have loved to have been able to support you but with being out of work it's a bit tight at mo 
3 hour computer class at work- NOT my idea of fun 
@rrobbiiee why doesn't my twitpit work from my bb 
@xrachelllx would depend on when i'm at work from 11:45 till like 5:45 
@Pixl1983 ah cheers! I'm at work now so have to wait till 4 
work exp 
@msdivineknight i'm good ta, at work 
@hezmcfly haha same. in college so cant be bothered to do the work! and most websites are blocked =/   xxx
I'll miss my new macbook pro while I'm at work.  
On way 2 work  workin 1 to 9 grim!
at work tryin to keep my eyes open 
somebody go work for me  i don't want to be up right now.
@nelsonmaud fucking amazing just got shit loadsa work to do  haha
think ov getting ready for work 
Is looking mighty fine at work. What a waste. 
just leaving work after smashing out some timelines and budgets! no gold star for bikram tonight 
@BeeJayEmCee nothin special, goin to school doing work and working sometimes, boring ish pretty much 
Loading the zune. then gotta get ready for work. 
tiny gold anchor earrings.. rest in peace  feeling like an assf*ck at work right now..good for me.
@ryanschmidt well I'll have to wait till I'm off work then 
wishing it weren't so hot, so i could get my gardening done 
Someone shoot me!!!!!!!!!!! lol..this work is endless   
getting ready for work... then my internship.. then class.. omg!!! 
Oh mannn. I have to go iron my work trousers 
ok maybe swarmplayer doesnt work so well.. sad panda 
@ohhmyonlinenet Not much, at work doing nightshift, it's kinda busy and sucky right now 
im just sitting at work..  blehh
at work reading a boring paper....I miss my bed 
@HayleyJones_ I know wt u mean and it is impossible 2 find work boardum is seting in!!!! 
huhu insomnia is the worst ... still have a work tom......  need to sleep
Off to wonderful work... be back after 3am  !
has so much to do before work...no way i'm getting it all done 
cant work twitterrrrrr  x
The internets are down at work! 
@itsonalexa wish I could watch the show live but I'm at work 
lying on a beach &amp; sipping a martini.....stop daydreaming at work....back to reality 
Walking into a hellhole aka work 
im at work... and i want to go to bed! 
@squarespace it would be, if... i could actually win   I'm lovin the admin interface of squarespace by the way, keep up the great work!
@JasonBradbury don't get in from work till 9  hope u do a report on it before I get in.
is thinking she needs to stop playing around with twitter and do some work before she gets fired 
I'm tryin to play hookie from work but my boss keeps callin my cell!! LOL! 
trying to relax at work for lunch but  theses bums won't let me man 
.@stevchaiguy WTH is up with skipping out early?! *steals all your pens that \work/* 
thrilled to be listening to heart fm again at work 
I think i was meant for bigger things that to just write reports and admin work  who wants to make me a super model?
apparently i wont start work until monday because theyre still waiting on a background check to go through 
At work feelin stress 
ah went for a good run and did some work outs, showered and still feeling the burn. ps. sunshine where have you disappeared to?  xo.
gettin ready for work 
just got outa chem...work at 3:30 
@DNCNCPR weller i wanted one me and u at oasis but it wont work how crap 
working on a powerpoint presentation for work with lots of excel diagrams..just don't have time and peace for this kind of work in office 
@yummiestars i heard about that, too bad im at work and cant watch it 
i dont wanna work anymore 
No distractions, no excuse not to do any work 
trying to update my iphone but it wont work  !!! help? :S
finally at lunch...work is horrible i just want to sit down and cry....and not go back!! 
Sucks to be at work as 3.0 comes out and everyone else gets to play with it 
I'm trying to understand how twitter works!! waiting to finish my work! at 11 pm! 
@wandatastic guess you didn't need any after all that hard work 
im still at work and really tired 
@Blognificent must be nice!!! I at work...smh...so sad 
@DarkHorsee ah cool I'll have to update when I get home, I'm at work right now 
let see if this work 
Wishes he had something more interesting to tell you other than he still has no desk @ work   
work wor work...dont mind working wednesdays....but I feel like I'm catching a cold 
if I get off at 2:30 y am I still at work.... 
Leaving work, grabbing a quick bite, then off to community group. Going solo, patsy has been sick.  #fb
love how its 6:30 and im still at work 
omg get me out of work 
I'm at work!! I have a lot to do and don't want to do it 
@raptureponies  My work got us the table. I don't beleive honkin was involved.
got curry all over her work shirt!! 
my emotions are fucked-i just got really teary eyed watching madea goes to jail in the breakroom at work 
work sucks 
How does this thing work  .
hates to think of what to wear for work 
afta reachin h also i got work to do, 
so tired and its raining, i should be in bed but i'm at work 
i hope these plugs in my eyeballs work! i wanna wear my contacts again!! 
@Molliewolford @Mazdaman0687  its at work... it won't start  the fuel pump or something 
going to bed because i have to be at work at 6am 
@alanasachi hahaha aww I wish I could come but I have work  boooo!
@tnrainbeau sooo i tried eating cheesesticks a few mins ago and just didnt work out! i tried! sorry  haha
is sick and hating work and wants her warm bed 
@Ascasewwen it does a bit - i'd happily walk in the rain after work, but if i have to come back and look presentable that doesn't work 
got to keep the bod in shape so I have to go work out. want to look good for water skiing too. so far, not many have been there to notice 
mad tired at work 
@jlove_ im at work 
ok, so i think i need to do some work. ugh, the idea of re-visiting assignments makes me sad in the pants 
My whole body hurts. I think it is rebelling at the thought of work. Just want to watch sytycd but have to do schoolwork 
heading to bed soon! work in the am 
Watching so you think I can dance &amp; missing my boo! I wish he was able to sleep with me tonight. Anyways hop he'll be safe at work. 
bed...work in the am 
has to wake up for work in 4 hrs.. nice 
 im sick.  hopefully ill get better by tomorrow.  i want to take a training class at work
@LuckyLobos okays.  will prob talk to u 2mrw thens.  i have to go to bed soon---work 2mrws.  
@judez_xo at work being bored...  33 mins till i finish then im hanging around for alift
@KushBlower nothn happened in particular..its jus all work and no play for me 
shit time to get ready for work 
im off work!!! FINALLY!!! 
 my mom's at work...she has to drive through that in a little bit...):
@SarahBrowne lol yeah! wrote it fast at work so it sent before I spell checked, and I just saw it updated now  whoops
just got off work...still stuck n washington 
my abs hurt  too much gym work!
I just home from work, but I have to be back at work by 9 am  so I better go to sleep, goodnight everyone.
@iJennyy boring, i have no work at office and no one to talk 
gettign ready for work 
im getting discouraged at work.seriously.nothing is happening as planned 
it's not twitter. it's the goddam set up at work 
- quh'nite twitters ! uqhh qotta qet up at 6 for work. 
@jackofkent having given the ref list a v quick once thru, i reckon that  4 &amp; 10 r the only 1s even worth further scrutiny - more work 
@fallenwiccan ..by which i mean cos others have started work. if that makes sense, not that it helps  *hugs*
the joys of smartphones: just noticed urgent work emails and responded... back to the housework  @tag will get onto openlayers/data asap!
sitting in college and cant print off his work for sum reason  x
@holytshirt gutted, they block http flickr at work 
@Rabidrat they do work hard, indeed ;) sad thing is, the barracks will be going soon 
work!!  boo, its raining and making me grumpy!  
Almost at work, stuck in traffic  wtf is really good w/ all this rain?
jus finished work bored shiitless ayes. &amp;&amp; its freakiing rainiing. aughh &amp;&amp; his still confusssing me with his feeliings  xox
Cleaning windows like it's going out of style  #work
is getting ready to leave gatlinburg. which is sad. now i have to return to the real world of work  #fb
work so early--- sucks 
Not sure if trying to download iphone update before work was a good idea 
up and skipping work...feel uber crappy 
This stop at sontic (sonic) making me a bit tardy for work  but I'm so hungray!!!!!
and this could get interesting... just have to wait and see.  work b.c someone called out-- again 
Just woke up and now gonna get ready for work 
says being back at work is no fun.  http://plurk.com/p/11wnkn
 so tired and its raining- hello work !
arrived at work... @xyladevera aww...  I wanna teach a student too!
Something else rather than work is on my mind....  
heyyyy, i'm bored, too  (I'm at work tho haha prob plenty to do!) @JeffreyC123
is quite disappointed that she couldn't get any tracking done because of the btec rehearsals 
@sj_sanders I emailed them - thanks! But, they never replied  I'll have to find a chance to call after work or something...
got a new mac charger... it doesnt work 
@ work  I hope everyone else is  dong better
@westlifepixie yeah they do lol been off work sick for the last 10 months so had my fair share of them  never thought id miss work! hehe
work 12-7, soooo tired  .. i hope i get off early, it should be slow since it is raining and shitty outside
at work wit a dying phne 
@ohhwerewolf thats sounds amazing, i wish i wasn't stuck at work 
cant work this 
soo uhhh! work sucks! 
at work, glad its payday but its already spent!! it sucks! 
At work! It sucks! The people i work with suck! its almost unbearable 
is far too sleepy for work  but getting ready anyway.
owie, vaccine shot for work 
@JockinSammyy awwwwww have fun!!! i wish i could join you but i got freakin work at 8 
@OfficeFanGirl86 don't hate the guess work 
@bowwow614 come on ustream...i've missed you  i've either been at work or in bed
I used to use pandora at work...but now they block it 
loads loads loads of school work to do and weight to lose 
@richardrixham I suspect you are, (showroom, room 5 I believe) I'm going to be a bit late, have got caught up at work - major stressing! 
joy above joy as many begin to settle i begin to start getting ready for work  roll on 4am
@Beeban i feel for you.  hope things work out for you soon!
@dtagurit Not me....   Not only is it raining, but I'm busy with work... yuck! :-P
@Tishthedish Get me one!  I'm at work until 3 and thats when its over.  
Watching #bol 1000th episode from work,  The sound levels are not good.  I need to keep adjusting the volume  
good amount of sleep, check. shower, check. work from 4-close.....no check 
still in the search for work but nothing pops up 
I cant work twitter  boooo!
 work, and i need to get used to this website..kind of confusing
I want the beachhhh agh work 
Still have lots of work in the basement studio.....more carpet to tear up from the flood. 
nothing of any interest!!! getting ready for bloody work! 
getting ready for work  kmt oh well gosta get paid smhow lol
@_JAYYTEE i dont think that wud work!!! 
There was a mouse a work. We were all trying to hunt it down to catch it. We caught nothing. 
Just got back from work and looking for historical costumes on ebay...without succes. 
@ExPrincess no. I'm on another call anyway...work blackberry. 
at work its lame my co-worker isnt here  so im stuck bored as fuck!
i wish i was driving around the counrty with @xoxo_emily right now and not getting ready for work 
played a joke at work...got caught by my boss...she didn't think it was that funny 
@mandyestrada i miss you at work !  hope your having fun!
@BillZucker good work on the music vid. wish I could sing 
betty is here, why must she live to ruin my nights at work? 
@daysdifference why do you have to do it while im at work?  i missed it
@ohhhleann i work @ 530 idk hat time i'll be off work :/ could be 9 but could be 1 at the latest 
so I'm dying of this freaking cold dynos at 68 I'm pretty much 48  and at work wtf !!!!
work sucks ass 
my hair wont work  and i have to go to work and tell them i cant work this weekend :S
ughhh work 330 to 10 . smh . im sikk of this . skoo 8 to 1 then work 2 or 3 till 10 or 1030  every weeeek
just got in from work, my feet are very sore and i gave in to hunger and got a mc donalds 
early early morning and work at 11am 
@chaoite I can't get in for the windows I have free. This sucks.  Just once undoes all the good work?
@BlowhornHulk I'm doing okay, just super busy at work. 
whatever was up was quickly brought down...no more tweeting at work  
I think I'm getting a sneak peek to how much I am going to detest work in the near future. I'm so silly... 
i really hate work - this sucks! i'm really really bored! 
@McTashie I'm not quite sure. All I know is I survived work thanx 2 cough drops and an easy schedule. 
so so badly want to go to sleep right now it's not even funny. but can't cos of work! and whyy am i on hereee!!! :/ easily distracted 
@joeytoofresh i did it but it didnt work-imma jus lay down.. i dont feel so hot right now 
At work  at least theres good music on
just got back from work! my niece is with her g-pa so i'm lonely! 
im in origans and i have to submite work i havnt dont it all but almost done :s 
@SpellGirlSummer she's super busy lately with work type stuffs 
lame, sam and emily are actually doing work 
@AdamAlexisRyan it's 10:11am here and I'm stuck at work...boohoo 
wouldve had internet but my modems at work and i didnt go 
@jenxstudios i wish i could smoke too  stuck @ work...btw looking forward to ur next dvd
The new iPhone update is amazing got work at 7 am  peace
@hollseey  I can sleep cos getting up for work!
@samanthahare  I would, but it's a workday and most of my friends will be at work   oh drat.
off to beddd .. work in a few hrss .. here we go again lols 
@Singster01 super tired from work I don't know if I have it in me, gotta pass 
Aw man, the blog just got blocked from work  Why does it always have to happen when I'm in a writing mood?
@joeyjoeyjoey Thanks. Seems a bit more work than I have in me right now...and don't have another phone either 
@raygun01 O.O all that work and the show is gone?  damn that has got to piss you all off
@StephChin lotsa work! No time for anything else 
im feeling sleeeppyyy... in office and no work 
@charlotteuptown gotta work sat 
@SadeFord i would make u coffee but we dont work 2getha anymore 
20min left of break. then back to hell hole work 
@ahmedabugh loooool, yeah i walked and I made it to the hotel. Its the amount of work keeping me from tweeting 
I still feel like shit.... &amp; I'm at work again....!  txtmeeee
@wuzzywully i knooooo. its irritating!  all meds i ate didnt work.
It is 2:49am. I have to be at work at 7:30am and I can't get sleepy. 
@Dylian52 How've u been?  I've been crazy busy and gotten no writing done lately... 
is baking and doing laundry.. did I mention i have to be at work at 7 
dammit, still at work.  
isn't looking forward to catching up on yesterdays work  #fb
at work....wish I could have slept on my break....it will be a fun drive home 
I feel bad.  cause i need to be at work at 8am and i have no ride, is there anyone willing to help. I'll give you 5 dollars..
just into work..i should b workin but all i can think about is the lovely sun outside 
ugh no tired buh i have work in the morn 
damn new machine, not compatible with my old clone  generating more unnecessary work
@robbie_weir working until half four  shall I just meet you at Sainsburys at six?
damn I gotta be @ work n 3 hr 
@discuit im at work with no sound 
*sigh* in work with  migraine. Not a happy bunny 
Ugh, mass redundancies at work   This sucks.
 why wont the chatroom work :'(
@lordofleisure Exams, work, life, deadlines. Also a printer that dosent work and that i can't find the reciept for 
coughing fit oin work. on the phone. nice 
@Djsouthanbred lol shut up!!! i have to be at work in the am... 
@Jamesashton20 so all gd, at least it only one pass, about 2 pages of work i will need to do 
@PredatorX11 probably lost cause  good work on hen house, and not as much fun to drive.
Getting ready for work...at 6 am...this madness should cease 
No yar....dint work! 
@niamvj  how does this twitter thing work? it really complicated 
caravan is in the field!!!  and in one piece. now gotta start work  booo....
I hate my tv  he doesnt work. 
@whitebutterfly0 i have to tear myself away from it now and do some work  but then more later! hehe
still at work bored  whoever created boredom...........
@thedanabradley: tinychat doesnt work on my machine... dunno y 
At work already... With the wicked witch of the west 
I just got in trouble for sexting at work.  
at work pretty tired n feeling pretty sick tooo 
iPhone 3.0-ed and loving the add ons but not loving the amount of work he has to do 
@1045CHUMFM aww that sucks I'm at work!!!  
@megabreakfast does it need to be a work desk, i dont have one ...  im so uncool!
uuuggghhhh work  this sucks ... damnitman
work! still feel like crap! 
hmm at work, bored 
@godandmars Yes, but I am at work at the moment, so I have no internet. 
@Maggadoo I need you to listen to this recording. I need to get it over and done with 
@geekparrot I start work at 6:30am to sell them. You can be envious all you want! 
Ironing myy 4 work shirts. They are a nightmare to iron!  
wth. premiere pro crashed and I had to redo 20 mins of work.. 
So exhausted...eh work 
still pretty ill, doing some english corsework 
last day of work tmr! im surprisingly feeling sad  its been so interesting! def. wanna work in the environment.
@ work lookin a hot one...ick 
@thebraysmommy At least you have access @ work. I am usually outdoors with kids and no interwebs! 
at work...a lil tired...and holy cramps!! 
moring twitted's n twittet's! haha. im at work EXTREMELY bored 
@kiwimmigrator grrr... they don't let me have naps at work unfortunately... 
bunch of work to do first 
What the heck! The vending machine @ work stole my 75 cents ... what a waste of good change! 
@ohmeaghan  awesome!  this now keeps me busy when i should be doing ... work 
@booie2k1 tried that and it dont work, the only options for the extension is whether u want to copy to clipboard automatically 
@thehottiedej im here at work ... smfh ... here till 8pm 
Is tired and hopes there's no line up at work for people getting the new iphone!! 
Leaving jay's  work at 6
@KirstyHilton I'm still at work at the min 
@goodyk  too bad that doesnt bump you up in line to get your work done 
puking at work=no fun 
aw man i'm missing @SongzYuuup live cause im at work lol 
Taking a nap at adams.  i have to go into work early.  so sad.
i thought i got my phone to work....epic fail going back to sleep before work cuz i feel terrible 
sitting at work...have nothing to do. 
So nice out. But gotta work. 
Brb tweeps got to actually do some work for a sec 
@theleadingbrand  Maybe I'll stop in after work anyway, if you will be there until 6ish.
@frani_lieberman we need to get drinks but after-work is so hard! ugh 
my gran torino is going to need a lot more work than I though 
Is about to fall over at work. Couldn't sleep because I felt like crap. I don't think I fell asleep til 430 almost 5. 
I don't feel good   getting ready for work, nails, and then work at 4:30!  What an exciting life I lead....
fridays are not meant for working..... 
@mattyriley he said i look like spock.  this made me sad.  i'm at his work justnow. As soon as i get some more wax ill be happy.
gettin ready. went out last night with some friends from work and had a blast. i gotta work tonight. 
@GavinBarkley cool! work is good ... busy 
I'm so fuccin out of it n I gotta work 3-10 been up since 6am! Sumone cheer me up 
leavin for work    ...bbl
Even the ice cubes have changed at my work.   http://twitpic.com/7tqoh
@Mykenyc is just for fun we are bored at work 
50% done with my next scene from my animation, man making people run is hard work 
ugh. almost done with my first 8 hrs of work. 4 more left. wish I could just be with nateypoo. 
@prufrockschild also i was going to talk shit in my post but got distracted by work 
work donzo...will b a borin wkend for sho 
At work by myself...i'm lonely 
@iamladyluck  im depressed now im bout to leave work early and go wait by the computer to download @wale mixtape so i can hear some bars
A break from man work to get a filling in my tooth  I'd rather do the man work!
god, i hate still being at work at 5:00 on friday. 
im dreading work tonight 
Why wont my xbox work? 
i cant wait to get off work! creepy cooks who call me mija and hermosa are not fun. . .      
hate being stuck in because of work 
back in and feeling reasonably dead. numb with the numbing bore that is work. they didn't pay me enough, either  .
@BETHBRITTBRAND I hope you get well soon, I know how it is to get dental work done not a fun thing 
@TonishaRenee y r u already out n I'm still at work blown  I'm down tomarow tho!
@letmypridebe im on my phone and at work and cant read the rules 
With work... I miss everybody without going anywhere... 
@moose73 8am at work goddammit  !!
is so bored at work ahhhh !  stuck here till 10 ahhhh !
#inaperfectworld I wouldn't need all this dental work  http://bit.ly/HiQYh
dang.. doesn't look like I'm getting out of work early 
can't sleep have to be up for 6am for work 
@JacobLovie obviously my team of assistants will be doing all the work for me! it's bedtime for me now  night dude x
work till 11  boo rather be out at the lake!
is taking a break frm work. my feet are killing me 
@golougo I'd be commando everything too but I'm at work.  You got any pics of proof? ;) lol
@AshleyLilFoot that awesome and then back to more work lol that sucks 
@amandapmontoya wish you could ditch work and cut a rug with me this weekend...  miss my dancing partner!
At work till 11  fml
at work. it's soooo slow!!  text bits
@leonpotter haha i cant drink vodka and I have work early sunday 
@barbiegirl20 ahhh my @ in your ff didnt work! 
holy fuck. there is about to be a crazy stom...and i'm not leaving work till its over. 
should prob sleep but slightly wasdted!! work atv 10anm 
 Off from work and no wifey...
is missing her man and can't see him tell sunday when he is done with work.  cause he has to work. stupied work. lol jk. its cool
Oncall work.....  fml
@tiaragirl9 no  my family hates anything that involves them having to do physical work, i.e. taking me to concerts.
@JazzyBelle25 can't gotta work! 
@eatingcarbon yeah same actually but I reeli want to sleep or I'll be diein in work 
work sucks..  but i need money to shop!
great work load and my bloody machine is not accompanying me.....Its very frustrating 
@shannonrh yeah, i have to be at work at 7, and i live an hour away from work  but i will have fridays off...
@RandomDez work til 530 
work in the am  no fun!!
It's midnight. Why am I still at work? 
Getting ready for work again. it feels like im always there  and then going out hehehe drinks all round
@humannature311 probably not tonight. i got geneviette ready for bed and i dont know if she'd dig twilight. + lots of school work to do 
i hate my new nick names at work... *hmph* !!!!!! 
The early bird always gets the early shifts, work in a bit 
Guess starting working &amp; training while i still was sick and on medication wasn't smart!! 
I've go a lot of work to do 
@katetamse77 At work!  everyone else is having fun! Feels like I'm grounded!!! I hate money!
@QueenNaoko yah he was working for japanese firms all along. i think it's hard to look for more work when he can't speak much english? 
@ElderCareRN long, long night at work. lots of extra work because of slacking off of other ppl. major bummer. 
at work bored as hell now... no one to talk to 
updated my iphone and now internet on it wont work 
@yyelizz tried to add you on myspace and just wouldnt work...made me all mad and what not 
@dannysalazar Wish I could I gotta work 
About to do work on some cdjs at x-lounge... No turntables 
needs a manicure! getting ready for work  at least i get to wear my new dress!
@knkartha yup! i noticed... n with tht, i shall make a move to get some work done. sigh 
@cutemama007 chilling/// not really bored @ work... throwing in the towel  smh
My itunes dont work,  lol
please work my wonderful computer 
@keija oh rats are you at work already? 
Would give anything to be at silverstone than stuck at work 
getting for work.    off the next 3 saturdays, can't wait!
didn't get any work done  heading back to town now, shall do a piece of english compre on the train perhaps?
Oh dear godess I'm beat, so tired having worked from 7-12. Lots of things to do   I have to be back at 16, work til 21.30..Not so much yay
is at work not wanting to be here  gym n swimming later tho
Ahh crap I just stabbed my head on a shelf of fruit at work 
7:50 am and sake is still pulsing through my veins. work 11-7 
@Rahms - who's holdin a bbq? I'm jeloussss u gt to chill n jam whilst I'm stuck @work!! 
im at work, bored 
@dannywood  anything other than being at work on another saturday!  
Boredddd at work  text meee
@primaveron gud option atleast u have figured out what works for u.. 
thinks writing a script is hard work.  http://plurk.com/p/12fds2
@sureshtvin even  i aint attending.... got some official  work.. 
hair n make-up for work   am fed up of working
eww work 
ok its gone grey outside i hope work don't ring me back to tell me to go in after all 
came back fromm work..sooo tired and exhausted! 
sooo bored! in work till 5.20 
Hubs taken littleun to the fair. All I want to do is sleep but I've got loads of &quot;work work&quot; to do 
@MrBoutique  ii work at 10am 
@kalinagoenglish &amp;I tried to vote more than once b4work&amp;I couldn't  It was a beautiful effort&amp;I hope you found the right fish ;-)
At work and im going to be here for the rest of my life 
so i dont work saturdays. and i still got up at 530, got ready for work... almost walked out the door before i realized, it's saturday 
@ work when I could be in bed....10 mins to go 
yet again another saturday working on client work, got a great site I want to launch but cant 
at work, on a saturday 
@marcxious I have to be at work on every saturday 
Wahhhh, neither of my book drive 5 Brothers redemption codes work. Maybe I'm doing something wrong. 
Looks like I'll still be in work at 0220 
hey guys at work been here since 630am 
At work i got stuck with a horrible loner phone while mine get repaired 
so hungover @ work, im not drinking 2nite 
lighting strikes my work  had to go in for a bit
I wish I was at the jonas brothers concert instead of work. 
at work on a saturday... how sad 
relaxing....waiting for my sweetie robert to get off work!!!! I miss him.... 
@hendrabudhi i sont know for sure... maybe im juz bored with my work.. 
@hendrabudhi i dont know for sure... maybe im juz bored with my work.. 
getting a headache   sitting at work waiting to see if anyone else is going to come in...knowing my luck, it'll happen at 2:55 (close @ 3)
too much work done.... lots to pack and now my backs' gone for a toss..... 
@tobywankenoby nah, I'm at work, can't get it till I get off work.  yea, ill call you up inna bit, foog!
Today i have night work at the airport fun 
At work on a saturday. So much fun 
just got done with hair therapy! sorta tired but no time to sleep work is calling 
gettin ready for work 
Painting by myself. So glad everyone left me stranded to do their work 
@thewal nm. just woke up. got work and such at 430. laundry. etc. need drink 
is gettin darae's things together fa tomor as im at work til 7 
poopy! I'm on call and have to go in to see a patient! workout now, shower, work 
Why do I have to be at work  can't wait till I'm off so I can get drunkkkk.
i'm coming back from gym and i feel totally relaxed... But still some work to do  someone heeeelp!
Out of work. Looks like it is going to rain. Sucks!! No run then 
helping someone move was more work than i thought. lol 
work then nothing 
I'm back!  what's I miss?  nevermind. It tires me out just thinking abt the work all of you prob got done. 
 for the fact that *I* didn't get any work done, not that you all did. 
At work, no fun 
working on stuff for work 
@gregkanimian I have a cake, but I'm at work right now. Yes working on a saturday 
They r kicking my butt at work 
Finding some really awesome photography stuff... so sad that work is creaping up on me... 
It's hot and I don't want to go work on the ole' duplex. But I guess I should. 
done at work but got more hair to do after... sooo exhausted 
@underdog87 BAWLL idk what to do! it wont work 
yuck work soon shoot me? yes i hate my job and the people their are mean to me 
I hate Saturdays at work    http://twitpic.com/7xsx8
just got off work... hot and sweaty again 
http://twitpic.com/7xu6f - So ready to leave work. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! I wish I was in bed 
Watching family guy and cacking her pants for my work experience 
@captainjackmad forum moding is hard work, I'm an admin else where and that's hard work!! We had problems with spammers 
producing jailbreak video and then uploading it to youtube...tried to upload it early but it didnt work so i wont b one of the first 
getting ready fot work  booooo haha i don't want to go...not now.
at work   somebody entertain me
sleep seems like a good idea  poor love at work till 6am.. bad times
soo much for dirt biking! new diet + work out plan! thingss need to change just a little bit! lost my new phone 
@heyamandaa aww  i thought you were def doing it!!
going to go do electrical work on a sunday 
work till close  i miss my ron weasley.
I'm jealous of this girls hair at work.. And she has extensions! It's fake. How shallow am I?!? 
my bed is pure unadulterated happy juice. too bad i have to get out for work soonish 
ahhhh work 
Now, if only I didn't have to go to bed soon to be at work at 6am... that would be happy.    *pulls out the novel file*
must go do some work i guess  back later xxx
Off to get ready for work  seriously this sucks.
Off too work now kids  till 2.30 arghh x
For some reason work seems kinda pretty slow  crammmmppppp
Leaving westside so tired wish I could just hang out without it being work 
shakes her fist in the general direction of school work. 
@robinsparkls no cute boys come into my work either 
can't believe she's on a break.... has loads &amp; loads of work to do.... 
sad my hubby left for work! 
Man I'm @ work ready 2 go home 
says work drains out my energy  http://plurk.com/p/12k3zn
i dont like the idea of me being in work at 12.30 till 11? 
hard candy doesnt work  lmao. i am so weird
Oh crap, I got work later 
@pdiaz93 Would never get out of work for something like dat 
@rairairawr true true, i normally only have work to look forward to so  no me gusta lunes
@shainamean daddy's at work 
@ work on a sunday 
Just thought of something: hubby has 2 work 2morrow. 
@naseemfaqihi what sort of work do you do? im trying to study &amp; i cant concentrate either 
Its really disppointing when u work hard and end up with nothing 
At work now and I'm waitering this breakfast ahh I better not drop anything 
Urghhh who has an alarm on a sunday  best get up for work
Another fix on the lights as to the fix I did didnt work &amp; another 1 almost blew, lucky I saw &amp; stoped it! But gutted kidzcity for parts 
Ugh so tired and desperately needs to get this cv done 
work. sunday. work. *sigh* 
should really go get ready for work 
I am a work in progress..I just hope my friends could still love me in spite of of my immaturity... 
im doing nestle work now...*upset* cant join my family gathering    working now~~
All work and no play makes subho a dull boy  
in work on a sunday 
it's 5:50am and i cannot believe i am awake. work until 3 
work on a sunday 
better get ready for work then 
@Shivalix  .. the forum is having alot of problems recently  wish it will hurry up and work :L xx
Getting ready for another boring 2-10 shife at work 
at work on a sunday 
up early to get work done, but class site is down for maintenance  http://bit.ly/YvLT8
also need to update our inventory system if i can .. really sad that my dell !m1330 cd rom seem to have gone bad.. just doesnt work 
just woke up im in work in 10 mins haha i need to ring a taxi 
ah too much uni work to do and not enough time;;;;its driving me insane 
awake and up and getting ready for work  kinda still very tired though, i still have to to be rid of more boxes YAY
i hav 2 work out how 2 work this blu ray recorder or life aint gunna b fun in our house 
I'm @ work. And I'm falling asleep. I don't think I'm feeling too good right now. 
@SofiaAlessandra hahaha! I'm so bloody hungover at work  its not good, I've just had one customer storm out on me :O
dammit i was late for work 
@abigvictory sadly, no.  It's like working for a crappy boss - you do all the work and someone else swans in and takes the glory.
@DanielleBottone i had 2 leave work early coz i was in 2 much pain 
@SallehJoe can i ask why it's not right? :') i have no idea what i'm doing.i'm brain dead from college work to joe 
@thalovebug the link wont work when you try to retweet it 
is home from uni, and already bored!! need work 
out to breakfast with the girls then shopping...work at 4 tho 
@joemcd elena is at work  I had to find something worthwhile, and it's freeeeee!
@ryangetloud chruch is off  her mom has 2 work or sumthing like tht
im hoping to find work experience clothes. an also hoping my sore head goes away 
work sucks right now. i freakn wreak like beer. 
arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! so much work right now. its driving me insane! 
im at work. i wasnt even suppose to be here 
Acutal bored, sundays are awful  I'd rather be at work tbh :/
@KaRisMa8 at work  bored outta my mind already and I just got here....u started ur new job yet?
Just finnished breakfast getting ready for more work around the house 
My breath stinks. I don't want to call work. 
@ work after parting until 4am 
Doing art work for my installation, been doing it since I got back from work, and expect to be doing it till late tonight...god i'm tired 
This work is taking wayyy longer than it should! 
that was delicious subway ! bout to get off my lazy bum and get ready for work 
finished work, thank fuck.  So tired 
@elyssaramos the answer to that is i can't.  i wont see it until i get off work at 6.
@kerryday20 not at work now, sorry   Not got wake on lan I take it?
on vacation...trying not to miss work so darn much 
@darker_artic you sound like my colleague at work! it's depressing  trying to sleep when it's light does suck though.
@ShellSpliethof ah yes, freedom was short-lived as the duties of design work called me back to reality... sigh... #nohookieforme 
hmmm...still at work   
I know for a fact that I had some smash lying around here before work .. but where the fuck is it now? 
The salads at work really suck 
@ work with nothing to do 
getting ready for work...... im so not feeling good 
Is at work. All by my lonesome   talk about boring
@sammyleooo i love them too!! but i have work thurs and can't go see them   what ever happened to mraz?
http://twitpic.com/851xa look at what I did! yay, work killed me though 
@catacombofwords  ... idk just felt like doing it
Up erly for work tomoro n cant get to sleep  x x x x
@useless411 Yes  I'm so sorry. I have a new position at work. I think I mentioned I was off wed but you're gone by then.
having brekky wif my work mate roxy..cbf goin 2 work 2day 
@kitzakatza YES! But I'm at work. So it's not possible. 
so slow at work, this is lame i want to leaveee 
@HisChyna tryin 2 work some magic will know 4 sure 2morrow 
@phete I just tried in 0.5 experimental and framework 'webkit' works fine. I don't have 0.4 installed tho 
at work and i just realized i have to work early tomorrow  work sucks-
@VicStiX i know! I'm sooo sad!  can't log on to it while I'm at work! I tried! bumming!
@missallyb yeah I missed it at work 
@zaibatsu thanks i needed that mini vacation.. still at work 
@arios5  to get outta work 
work untill 7:30 
@JusLoyaL work shit...  u??
The electrician at work is stalking me.  I'm kinda scared.  
Trying to get a dang picture on here and it wont work!!1 
waking up wheezing and coughing long before my alarm for work is not fun, let alone a good thing 
off to meet Liamsaur from work&gt; I hate buses 
@Rosuto I'm doing plenty of work thank you very much! Much hurt by your suggestion 
troubling tuesdae, got a shitload of work 
Waiting for the build server to finish compiling to verify that everything works. I wanna go hoooome!! 
work experiance FAIL!! 
okay, so the pool idea didnt work 
Yes i'm at work   bummer
babysitting and their internet wont work 
@janedorian naw I loved ur hair before  stupid work
tried to add a green ribbon to my avatar, but it didnt work  ah well.
wishhhhing i had some pizza. everyones at work 
Is surfing the net... bored after work kinda tired too 
@palais1977 my twittascope wont work 
I hate when I'm at work...and I'm on a roll, getting stuff done ...and then all of a sudden...the system goes down....  
is wishin someone would go swimmin with me     my babys at work...
@divokc Did something happen to you at work? 
im boredddd... i dont want to doo anymoree work 
waiting at work for my postgresql query to complete 
still at work, wondering why i do this, it's not like anyone for whom i work appreciates it 
bff at work amanda is just leaving.  sad.
And I thought I was leavin work early....aha!   
work sux 
@tylerconium sad thing about kickball, I haven't made it to one single game because of work and will miss this one because I am moving 
@jeremygonis my turn to go sweat my ass off at work. 
@Kiemya i can barely speak english!!!! i fell asleep, suuuuurprise right?! i didnt even do my assignment, bleh, guess ill do it at work. 
@dealdivine I was at work and everything is gone 
@moochtmonkey I'm at work. They  at that stuff.
@PPPinkGingeRRRR grrr our hard work ruined 
friend just called to say he got tipped $1k at work.  bastard show-off.  lol, i'm just jealous. 
A lot of stress at work 
@rebecca_clark  i have been good! super busy. i won't be able to post any pictures on my website as per my agreement with work 
@nastyromantic @tinylovemachine hey ladies I don't think I'll be done with the work I need to do tonight to be able to go.  
@benglwood im at work straight cutting boxies..... 
@itadayglobitch mates going for smash lol, sounds lovely but im alreafy boiling in work its horrid  but being in bed with u would be cool
I've done no work to night actually quite pissed off had wanted to work on some code for my new blog design 
At work shits always weak 
Just got visited at work by a cop...who wouldn't tell me why he wanted the information. I feel like I helped big brother 
can u tell im bored at work  lol
@MissBensel booo I'm at work...I'm on break...I just saw ur tweet 
@mysgreen yeah who am i kidding, that's all I use mine for lmao. I do get work emails on it though  But work pays for it! *evil grin*
wants sugarpuffs but my legs dont work properly atm  heellppp!
weeeelllllll, should probably do some work now or something 
The two deep scratches are gonna need more work 
ive been done with my work for the past hour and im just sitting here doing nothing.. 
At work, really really hot  later gator's moe is out!
This wont work 
I want someone to explain why work seems to drag on, and yet, while playing xbox, I blink and an hour has passed... 
out of work! haning out with dan...then bed because i work at 7am 
11am yikes @raheembrock i don't leave work until 5p 
@nicoleelaynee it didnt work on my phone  try bbming it to me. and tell hannah that i make her dinner
at work now ......yucky pooh!    
@lauren_roche   i kinda miss working there.
@surewhynot A third? Damnit at work I need a second.  I feel like I'm working with one arm cut off here.
I wish I could just sleep, wake up and all my work would be done. I'm dreadfully tired... Wish I had someone too cuddle with. 
I r stuck at work. http://tinyurl.com/mlkjkk
kinda lazy to go to work.....my freelance work are still pending 
@smlimon work sucks. it's slow and with all the drama going on i dont wanna be here. AND texas lost 
@spikemeo4 im so pissed i didnt get to go.  i had work  then i got off early and was so bored cause they were all at the concert!
have work at 5:30 n doesnt want to go 
am just getting changed to start work  sucks
being bored on stickam.....RAHHH pauls live wont work 
@streetanchor All fine.. but work is pretty hectic.. work on a shitty piece of code.. 
@mbpeppah yea but unfotunately im at work so I didn't drink any 
@BerlianAyudya work this late? sucky... 
they say hard work pays off, but i havent seen the fruits of my labor yet. they say patience is a virtue, all that got me is a blown face 
http://yfrog.com/3xzxqj I'm missing mine while he's away for work stuff...it sucks sleeping in an empty bed 
stupid printer is soooo slow   hurry up n work u crappy machine
Blargh... I have a long stuck in my head from the music that plays at work.. only problem is I can never hear the lyrics to find it 
@mcm180 Wow that must be pretty stressful for you. No wonder you want to work out after work, relieve some stress/tension! 
work again... believe thats all i ever do... i hate seeing patients die 
@ work now really don't want to be but I need to be  wish the world was a little bit more fair  can't wait till the shift is over
@leonspencer oh  , or actually that's probably good that you've lots of work! All good with you?
im confused  how does that work!? tell me!!!!
work sucks 
@spudulike yeah good as well thanks just stuck in work  x
back in vienna, back at office, back at work  #fb
@laura_crane , me gotta do housy work !! 
@madmanweb @udupendra @faiq sorry I was stuck at work!  anyway good to know!
waiting for epit from work. nak tgk tranformers 
I wish I had work tonight. I need money, &amp; I miss the salon banter 
There should be no such thing as doing a late shift at work. 2-10, u gotta be kidding me! 
I am not getting time from office work for my projects coding    , corp-life #sucks
grrrrr - cant settle down and work! 
Enjoying the nice weather from behind my work pc! 
Finally off work. At home. Yay. I wish that fucking people would answer their phones at 3am, but I know better than to even try 
@charkeefe omg would have totally laved to, but have work experience 
is up getting ready for work...just gotta be able to move off the couch 
@fabianelima  no youtube for me at work
bit bored  work later though
At work once again  miss my gf
Just got laughed at for my yorkshire accent at work 
not feeling well at all. gotta work from 8:45-6:15. 
As broken down  w8in 4 aa on dual carriageway.so l8 4 work lol
At work...and dont feel good at all i hope i can make it...cuz i feel sick 
I'll have to re-do the whole project if i am. I deleted the whole of my uni work when i wiped my comp  by accident of course.
@Austinslide sort of..... its called work.... 
Leaving for work.    Going to pick up my airplane tickets and then go help mom dukes move.
back to some work  #fb
goin gto work soon boring  lol atleast i get paid! 
At work wrist hurting for no reason 
getting ready for work fun times 
Clothes are hurting my skin, think work would object tho if I decided to do without them 
Feeling sick ...stuck in bed and called out of work. 
@denyseduhaime but-I think he has some work thing going on 
getting ready for shitty work  roll on half 7!!!
I am at work and really upset over how things are going 
Late for work. Power went out. Hydroplaned on the way due to massive ammounts of rain... 
is at work kinda sleepy already and just got here 
just got up for work sooooo tired  , nothing new lol ...
@ucf0503 lucky u! im already at work 
should think about heading to bed... work in the mornin arrggghhh    
So far work is okay.. really want a smoke already 
@thatchman1 re storms. I had plans to visit the woods after work. This sucks. 
@HaleyHolmesss oh I have work @5 
@cprice0129 I'm actually skipping out on tonight....  you're on your own for the sign language!! But the slideshow is my handy work.
i totally didnt win anythinggg. ha. got work soon, cant enjoy the sunnn. gutted. 
My babes @chedder1224 just left for work I feel sad 
@Teanah just tried the uncharted beta code you gave me.. didnt work.. me sad 
back at work  catching up on work e-mails...  and everything else, tired as hell even though not as bad as @edwelker w/ time changes
at work with dad. urgg. no fun 
wish work was busier  dang economy ...
Getting ready for work. Where's wifey 
it dont work   lol xxx
@ work not feeling well @ all! anyone wants to come take care of me?? 
@Freelee hahaha that sounds amazing too bad i dont have internet at work 
-at work till 6ish booo 
My dad put my ipod in the wash! now it doesnt work 
is feeling pants and is stuck in work, arh i want 2 go hone 
wanted to bike to Charlottenlund or a bit further up the coast after work, but now it started raining 
I dont think my replies work 
1/2 a chapter done but have to go run errands 
 now I remember why I let my bangs grow out ..  hopefully I can get them to lay flat before work
Sadened that my buddies are no longer around me at work  can I move?
@janportfolio I have my colleagues do very advanced air apps.. but they won't be available for freelance works. 
My keyboard is broken  Ahh work tonight!
ahh it's too nice out, don't want to be at work right now 
Starting work at 11am is great!     Until I think about how long I might have to be here 
@ATivey the work placement  I'm applying online to a few more places, then going to get serious and start phoning people up.
@ijustine the gym is an awesome place! work it out 
@flamingindigo @natalielim click mouse! hahaha... i dont work with mice. 
@suburbanhipster haha michelle  u work too hard! haha
@timlovejoy aye, hardly suitable for me to watch at work, had to close it down sharpish 
@mileycyrus ohh i hope u can sleep soon  cute dog but i have heard counting sheeps didnt work because than your brain works greets germany
only 4 days of work left forever then travelling europe 
work break yayyyyyyy vanilla coke and sour skittles... the only way to go 
im at work waiting for the clock to strike 6 
back at work, but happy because my colleague gave me some really good news 
@ceeecil Haha my brain hurts from having to do all the work. 
is just about to do some uni work...need energyyyyyy   woop
hi hotbabe he is rob33n site work 
@RobPattinson_  hey i think your really amazing..especially in twilight..keep the good work up!! 
Important work done and email sent! #gotthingsdone 
@littlefurybug uhuh sure, excuses excuses! you blatantly just spaaced it out to make it look like you had some work to do 
yum work just paid for a full english fry up breakfast - did i mention i love my job 
cya all later crew, i got a bit of work to do 
right then nsb archive done and dusted, ape accounts up to date, freeland winner sorted.. haha now to do some real work 
just got back from work glad to be home again! Going to write my sponsorson a letter now  xxx
@vange33 nice work   You are super mom
is feeling much better after plodding along at work...er wtf? 
@JazzWavvy lol nope nope but I have to prep for a presentation don't be to jealous :/ its still work work work for me 
oh god..work. 
Just enjoying the view while at work. Sometimes u gotta love working outdoors   http://twitpic.com/2yets
@cydneyw http://twitpic.com/1vrtn - is this your work glamour shot 
is taking a bunch of pictures! What else can you do at work? 
@Jackula I'm doin well, just relaxing workin on some classwork. 
@liz_azyan One to check out after work, I'm definitely interested in this one. 
happy with my new x86_64 box (running linux 2.6.29.1) and xmonad/xmobar on dual-head at work 
@TracyeLynne haha I'm trapped in prison (aka work) until 12:30...then I'll go to bed 
is having a tough time getting all this uni work, she rather run away to new york and become a famous photographer right now. 
is having a tough time getting all this uni work done, she rather run away to new york and become a famous photographer right now. 
@Lynaaselena  i wanted to ask you the same.. i do.. but the direct messages dont work ..  i'll give you later   
at work now, then getting my hair done, barnes and nobles, then off to job #2... im a hustla lol! 
Getting some work done and going to the grille in a bit to eat lunch and get a little color!  I &lt;3 sunshine.
Sitting at work, nothing to do, getting paid to do it. 
@forestmarie retweet well deserved my friend, those are all things I commonly practice and they do work! 
this script might be my best work yet. very emotionnal. I amaze myself writing it. (even if there's still badass vulgar dialogue  )
@cartoonyphiliD they look awesome honest good work keep it up 
Is at work, chattin it up with my buddies. 
This contract is going great guys keep up the good work 
@RealHughJackman i love ur work !!  pleaseeee answer this tweet !! 
 hey babe. I'm at work amazed at how good this dancers butt looks on stage lol U shld come out!
@michalabanas yeppp i had sunday work too (N) and it was shift from hell!! 
@toddbeltz I'm good! I think your work is like ironman race everyday! Haha it must be fun and exciting 
yay finally got a pic up by doing some cropping 
@100ftzombie just looking at it now, nice work, congrats 
@ColdHearted19 I don't miss course work  it helps if you have an interesting subject though - hope the exams go well!
@THEMrsMiggins my professional style! Rather.. The style of my work 
okay so ive found a loop hole....now i can get my work done  LOL
all functions finished ... smoothen out the edges, integrate index page, integrate templates and were done ... 1 year of work 
@tuxybuzz good on u mate very well written keep up the good work 
@jennettemccurdy wow! you have a great voice jen! keep up the good work! 
@alexmillier fantastic work mate. You rocked it 
YES! Just found chocolate stashed in my desk drawer at work. @tvproducerkevin will appreciate that! 
@gabysslave love to. watching the work of you Brummies with pride - great stuff! 
@tsunimee I know, I hate having to clean the blender after each use! This way I have a cup for each weekday for work 
learning french sentence work done 
@danielletbd Now, see, that's the kind of work out that I'd actually look forward too! 
@fictillius nice work. 
cute babas = no work done 
doin crossword puzzle at work!!! 
has just read a very nice email  Now, let's work a little bit...
@paigedansinger It's my work but only a small amount of it is my writing  and I am doing this as a freelancer for the org
@HardKnockLife I don't get off work until 2am!! I'm so tired lol I jus wanted to speak!! 
@luuloo and look for the bright side  u dun work 8 hrs straight, gurls there leave at 1:30 or 1:45 and i dun think there's lotsa work
Morning fellow twits  trying to motivate myself to do some work *sigh* pass me the coffee!! )
@MissDreg  that's it now, i can kiss goodbye to getting any work done, ever again. .. 
painting rooms is hard work. im not doing that again. i will hire someone. 
mmmm croissants for breakfast again, it's great to have nice sharing work colleagues! 
@spoonman77 hey! nice pic of you at work   You really need to update ;)
says more work?  http://plurk.com/p/p59ai
http://twitpic.com/3nf8m - at work 
@demois lol! that was a lot of work. can't believe you did that! lol.  congrats then. kudos to you. 
@morgwn LOL'd  rather hard at http://vimeo.com/4178692  - nice work  
@analogital bz with work ad my volunteer work bro and of course fotograffi  how's the zenith?
Pfoai cat am dormit  e 4 ceasu... now back to some work 
so my supervisor at work hates me..what's new! quite looking forward to tonight 
Doing work on the crackberry is incredibly annoying. I have to be short and to the point and that is totally NOT my style! 
at work...and happy 
reading twitter updates @ work  = i'm bored
I better get some work done...  too much tweets going on!  
Now on work going to study and stuff 
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand. Seems like I carried this theme at work earlier! 
@Afrobehn It's not hard to be supportive of another poet when their work is as good as yours. 
in my graphics lesson, work nearly done! yay! 
should be doing uni work but twitter is better 
getting work done. tiring. but it'll be nice to have this stuff done. the rewards for @TheSpotCafe will be great! 
off work, and tired. probably watching resident evil 3 with matt 
@thatmashguy you have mail. easier that twitter. It's 11:40am here and I'm at work 
is a bit geeked...one of my fav industry stylists appreciated my work! go figure 
@afrobella nice work!!  I love it when folks get creative!!  
i can't believe it's already 10pm... at least i got a lot of work done today.  now: food + blankie + kitteh + movie! 
@fefedobson hey fefe i just wanted to say that you have inspire me and ur music is amazing keep up the good work and plz respond to me 
@RealHughJackman  omg wolverine was brilliant great work hugh 
no work for meeee! 
is at work... love working Saturdays everyone is so happy 
@yarnaboutyarn Yes I am very thankful you to and all of my customers and that I love my work 
@yvetteloera yeah...i was really really bored at work. 
@AtheistDoug Ah...that works, anything works really 
just got back from work, now i'm studying... 2moz soccer &amp; surfing... tiring schedule lol 
http://twitpic.com/4e4ot - The forklift at work.  I want it!
i am just about done with my work. i had no idea i could work so fast. i best not do it again! lol. 
just finished work and watching itunes top 50 countdown on [V] 
At work and reading People's 100 most beautiful issue 
@ work, wish'n I was in bed. . . . BUT! I had a great nite! 
i am at work. i am bored. this office is eerily silent. its creeping me the fuck out. this coffee tastes good. the phones arent ringing. 
is totally new overhere and doens't know how it all works yet.. strange little community 
is done w/her trim and now waiting for the mall to open so she can do sum speed shoppin b4 work, tehehehe. 
coffee. about to get ready for work, 11-9  xoxo
@LyndseaMichelle seems nice  ... the hair I saw looked beautiful ... btw already send you new request to myspace last one didnt work
early shift at work nice one , ready for roses bbq 
finally some sun!!! Lots of work to do outside 
work sux!! 
finally done with laundry  cleanin up and getting ready for work
I got off work an hr early  thing is that I can't sleep
@alexwillick do your work!! im the one that pocrastinates life away not you 
@mirashad welcome Ibnur! doing great  it's B2C. u can pester mr pan for more details haha ;) u're working on B2B?
work tm... whatever ha 
@Dutch_Bitch I could try.......work won't be half as fun if I'm sober though lol 
gone to bed...real work tomo...clients etc...ah the life of a personal trainer  xo
@sabrinaMoore  'if my bed wasn't so comfy, I'd get a lot more work done.'..................spot on! 
@savagestar Sounds like you have your work cut out for you then  1408 was OK, btw, as light entertainment
done with the sketch 
@laurendawson11 nice work, okay i will 
Just finished up my first commercial job of a lake cabin. don't know if i will do that kind of work again...not as much fun as portraits 
@danny_damage It's not so much misanthropy, it's that I'm a socially-inept loser.  I just need to think of other ways to promote my work.
work from 930-3 then I must complete this damn research paper. If i can find a volunteer I'm willing to pay a few bucks to do it for me 
@HistoricShed i'll ask marisa to email you ad info, too. thanks! ... hope your trip's fun, not all work 
Yay work, and I'm glad my hand's feeling better! 
I am about to do  my daily work out and I am gonna love it 
gettin ready for work!! 
I feel good with my progress and it doesn't matter what more I accomplish, but I know I'll be satisfied when all is said and done 
just chillin after work   its raining!  lol
@Vicerella nice work! 
@DaFlowerGirl thanks  it's a lot more work than it seems haha. like your website as well!
lovessss getting free stuff from work 
off work 2moro !  what shall i do ?????
@atomicpoet hi there, great links and info as usual, keep up good work 
takin a shower! work out was great! 
bouts to get ready for work  O_o wow that sounded wierd and i was typing it lol wts
Another great work.  http://lookbook.nu/look/132622
By the way sorry for the slow progress of this blog, we're still hard at work! 
OK, I believe I am now properly armed for my work environment. 
@jaziefizzle or else yo uwill have to become a dirty hippy and quit work and live in the woods, 
woot! I can has twitter again at work 
about to go to sleep... got work 2morrow 
some valkyria chronicles and then bed =D had enough nested forms w/ rails work for tonight 
@michellecpa good for you. i need a healthy eating change as well. i think diets dont work but i'm hoping to really drop some pounds 
Its monday morning, and i'm sitting at work 
4:16 on the computer clock, work soon then spag bog for tea whoooo 
@yourshyness21 lol I hear you, I think I watched about 2 - 3 different movies, when I should have been getting work done.  I'll ttyl girl
@victortan LOL! It's on the right? I gotta try when I get home. I'm using it at work. So the X is where it should be. 
At work surprisingly happy all things considered, ahhhh loveliness 
I am having a pretty good time at work talking shit with one on  the gymnastics gils 
@work again thanks to my dear neighboor who also gave me coffee when I needed it. She is the best 
doing my folio work but keep on getting distracted by deb pics 
@thinker80 yes please  and if you're gone i might actually get some work done lol
@missdaisymusic is ben! got yourself a twitter, good work 
The work got me back.100 percent monday feeling 
@Sally_E u work hard Sally  Not sure i can muscle up the courage to go on my own, it will be hard without you laughing at my unco-ness
@inJenious Pics? Ah, I'll probably see you at work at some point... Hopefully b4 it grows out too much 
Up and at'm   getting ready for work 
@6 doin fine relaxin at work... Hardly working 
@talesfromthepit Loved your blog from the MusiCares event, good work 
is at work...gettin paid to sit on my arse as there are no guests down yet!! mum is comin up after  eexcited
Getting my shit together then leaving work and going to bed 
@who_the_heck Haha LOL @ the english work they doo in college 
I'm going with lilah to buy things for school work  i'll tweet later  xx
@zeddessarts lol this is true.  checked the work, nice 
Sitting at work taking calls fixing problems gotta love us tech geeks 
ughhh. going to a shower and getting ready for work. going shopping tommorow  
Then again, I often get an erection at work. It's hard enough to hide with no underwear on; it would be impossible in the nude. 
@momadthenomad hey mo how's work? Can u let me know if there's test/dev openings? 
@sriiniivas that is if you intend to work  im rite now in avoiding work more. dont care about deadlines et all.
@0MAR_ very cool work  I am but recently discovering the wonders of sketchup lol..and I've also been wondering abt the online portfolio
newyork's working at a pig farm 
@Andyy - does #fb work if it isn't at the end of your tweet?  would love it if it did 
homework ~ work ~ finals ~ life is crazy lol hope everyone is doing well 
@legator02 With your work schedule the real question is - do you watch anything? 
Just got off work *puff* *puff* 
my laptop just crashed and i almost lost my work. thank god for autosave!  note to self when you get rich switch to mac! ))
@nathanrice That is looking nice but then again your work always does 
Angels and demons tonight quite looking forward to it  cannot be arsed with work tho
Talking of medio lattes, I think I'll go and treat myself to one. I've been at work for almost 90 minutes after all 
at work. listening to the new hillsong cd 
@HelpSaveBees Thanks for following! I love what you're doing and am spreading the word at work 
and hour and a half of pointe work, and my feet feel perfect 
@matbeard i have it sat on my desktop at work. i am struggling with patience. twitter any spoilers and something bad will happen   
@Mamoursissy because i'll have to give away this together with printed work. usb / external hdd would be too expensive, don't you think? 
I'm not complaining as a lot of hard work went into this event and I am excited to see it come to fruition.  
I have work sigh :[ but next time  just let me know.. cuz I have a lot of work 2 do otherwise I could have came lol :[ sigh @ work
Out doing some volunteer work in the local community. I think we're building a fence or something...at least I'm outta the office 
is at work  xxx
@riskyrevenge  As an appraiser myself, we greatly appreciate your efforts! 
@smaki1209 i hope it does too  dont let work get you down though
@ArmyOfMeat I used to have one of those at work... it was great, but in the winter, my butt was always cold! 
daft punk just came on the radio at work! 
@MOSSBERGDABEAST I'm fine - at work too; struggling to stay awake 
ok  @jasonp107 just did myhome work for you  #140tc
@dannygokey i cant wait to see you on tour in the sovereign center! keep up the amazing work! you are my favorite 
@yeli_babii thanks!  ohh im still in the process of writing them. im not posting anything till my blogs work.
Finally off work and ready to watch movie with beth 
@ScrapbookRebel would've been weird.  does that sewing machine work?  i can't get mine to for the life of me.
Lots of work drama going on.....been really sleepy when i come home lately.....sorry girlies 
finished work and happy about it. 
why's the weather so so bad? work would be so much easier http://bit.ly/10RUYr  here 
Off to shitey work, people who are off, enjoy doing nothing for me 
@DavidArchie congratulations! that's awesome, man!!  keep up the awesome work!!
is back from work and happy, as usual. 
@mister_peterman Unfortunately the only downside was I was actually heading into work. I was trying to be an optimist though 
@MaitresseP Awww bopping to my work lolol DJMissP 
@annalivey awesome - just drop it off on your way to or from work whenever you need to. No loitering, though. It's not a crackhouse! 
@msmegan19 haha yes, i do remember  we were going to make an award and everything. uggh, see you at work D:
@MeganArielFL @chelbel3 it would be fun! We can talk about it when greg isn't at work. 
@Colski haha thats insane! good work  did you have to open the video and confirm with yourself though? :p
I feel good after my workout  leaving work early leaves too much energy to be consumed .. gotta do that more!
@emilyyym tell what your doing when I see you!!! 
@madamecupcake lol thank u - they are silly but fun to make! i think work took over life. trying to arrange it so i work less, play more. 
working in the yard.  working on homework.  working at work. hahaha 
is at work...working.  But has a reason to smile anyway.  
@DeliCatsYum i love that my laundromat has free wifi.  how is work?
still watching prison break series 3 but now going to throw some work into the mix. The wonders of multi-tasking 
LOL @ failblog.org  I need to do some work :/
I finished the damn work!!!!! 
Lunch is almost over which means i'm half way done with work. 
@jaysays - I wouldn't mind seeing more work against biphobia in the gay community, either 
@pastachick  don't know lois, but I am familar with your work I know it helps a lot of peeps so that y I said do ur best work
At work  its kind of boring...
is at work for a little while and then homework  things are looking up!
@give_me_a_latte I'm eating tootsie rolls &amp; catching up on work 
lovely weekend off of work  now I have to try to go to bed before 5 am though.
hm. have to get up and work slave labor  @ 6... so, bed 
@cassiezanone haha love you coo! yes with a c. but that doesnt work.. so ill come up with a different one haha 
@GClooney61   now i will go to my work..its raining but i hope it will be better later...see you     
tired  *yawn* best be off doing work now!!
@navytrident09 hi guys  keep up the good work!
need too work out... i just simple can't be botherd,but i have no choice,i will start at 9 
@martina_15 geez that was a quick one  good work hun
@tazmanian_soul yes i will  i work till around 4 =]
@demew hopefully!  going for work though - so probably not much time for fun.
need sleep! work sucks sometimes 
Loves not having uni work to do 
is enjoyin' the mega-slow network @ work!!!  
Rushing to get to the pool  what is this thing called work that is trying to stop me!
is almost done with work.  http://plurk.com/p/ui9nb
@wossy they appear to be already gone, fast work from twitter 
@shirkrin Thanks for your input, Shirkrin!  One of my employees does the same thing here at work and he seems to be doing fine!  
@QueenofScots67 I am super, smashing great thank you very much and back at it, at work 
@beckym1985 what were the dates of the summer shows we r doin?  soo i can book them off work  thanks xxx
Sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep... and lots of it........ Always nice going to sleep when everyone else is starting their monday morning at work 
is having fun at work, riz never fails to make me laugh  can't wait for payday ;)
@yazminbyl good work spaz 
@lilyofoz That sounds comfy!  im at work..exhausted (16 hour shift) but thankful to have job! 
Getting there, quick break for some sort of hot beverage.... Definitely needed my tummy filling to get proper work done 
has not long got up, doctors in abit and bak 2 work 2moz 
@MsReinaaa aww congratulations girl, your hard work has paid off! 
@kayleighford I guess so...most guys I know work hard at putting that part of their lives behind them 
in work atm  xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
at work, working.... not fully getting this twitter thing 
is it bad that i want a beer and its only 6 am? at work. thank god its payday 
@mizhelena I'm about to get off of work on a bit. How are you? 
Just got 2 work..vacation starts 2morro...off until june  
Please let me get all my work done so I can do homework at my desk! 
@natashaburns it's so cute!! all of your work is - I was on your flickr and website last nigh! 
@RGamethi congratz for good work &amp; result too 
@FROactiv it was dope!! put in aloota work  how was yours
Working late......emails still going and it's almost 1am. The joys of work 
at work now... bleaching a girl to white!  Ahahahaha funny stuff!
home for awhile - work  later.. just relaxin' 'til then 
@mysgreen  good work - I sensed the wobble with my mummy sense 
At work, latte is now rushing through my veins  HELLLLOOOOOOO monday!
quick trip to topshop &amp; soho  work at 3 :/
back and relax whilst i do all the work coz apparently its 'girly' work! oh and he gets to take orders frm me! yeah!! 
@heathersmithjec yayyy!!!  hello work buddy 
At work, doing recruitment stuff! 
http://twitpic.com/5fduv - @akhda starts produce music again.keep up da good work mate 
@jepsyg http://twitpic.com/5feat - congrats!! keep up the work..motivation 
right.... I need to get some work done enough twittering for now. Be bk at half 4  lol
@coderedg I got transfered at work n now ima key holder 
@rampantheart hey nice work on @ithewriter downloaded the mag..  will read it later..
cant work.... 
OK, have some work to do, see you in a while/later! 
Kateys taking me back to my apt so I can clean up and crash. Then, oh yes, work in the a.m. 
at work.. annoying the customers with my pesky mood 
@amysav83 i hve 2 leave 4 work :O i posted a youtube vid for you to watch. hope you like it. i may log on at work. have a great day 
wishes he could be doing stuff like cheese rolling this bank holiday... but no.. it's just work to console me. 
is straying from work cos it's so close to 5pm. 
@delonm but ofcourse   we could do it in school... why not do it at work too 
off work now til tues...yay 
@coo1hand1uke man, I for real just ckd out the blog, you reppin real things  Thanks for putting the work into such a great outlet
@JanaBanana1988 high five! congrats sweets.so proud of you!!  so now its just waiting for the hard work to pay off hey, literally..hehe x
tired as fuckidy fuck. new job monday  finally... no more tension @ previous work!
@pooja_LuvIndia as in get paid work? or work work?  There's a huge difference ..
lameo work, let's party tonightttt! 
@yiannis_k wow, thanks  I was in the middle of doing it myself  I'm adding some clauses though, related to dev work &amp; cms maintenance
@charchaos cool! whats your work based on hun 
@jeherve I love your work buddy! it's awesome  the logo is soooo cute! http://www.hervedesign.com/
#FollowFriday A last and special FF mention for @mattblum whose work is both beautiful and inspirational, so much to aspire to and admire 
work till 5, then shopping with col ken 
uhhhhh work ttyl 
is sitting in her own office listening to music whilst the management team leads the work. i love letting go  who knew?
@kidsinmuseums  -  yay, upgrade all done 
@FrankieTheSats work work work!! ha  when do you think the new album is coming out?? end of this year??
tut tut @vitaredux don't tweet at work 
Cleaning never stops. The devil makes work for idle thumbs! 
finally power is back...had a heavy discussion which has just one outcome work harder and fulfil the desires 
One more dayshift, praise jeebus! And mickey d's before work 
finished work and now have most of my recording done. for once it seems, i have all my assignments under control  thank fuck.
bye twitter  back to college work 
okay so my laptop's working a little better than a while ago and i can now continue with my work 
I am trying to promote my personal folio a bit, but also get feedback on some design work, if you have time, please feel free to comment. 
On the train to wales listening to rise against after handing my all work in? I call that awesome o'clock 
In the end all things seem work them selfs out 
@MolliexD yep as always  and you just do work ha :L
YES!! made it through work without having to do wash-up 
Taking my dad to mom's work so that he can send her on a treasure hunt! its so cute 
the same color we dont see a lot of it at work which is good .. 
@justinmoorhouse they were all so funny laughing out loud at work listening to you read them out  x
@rockthenroll site looks hot! nice work, man 
@g33kski11z good idea  it is lovely outside. work ok?
still at work and getting texts from people on hols. grr 
why thank you @mornane  (not that it could have been clear even if I wanted it to be... blah camera phones) was work fun-tastic?
Finally at work now drinking some starbucks 
This is sooo distracting. How am I supposed to get my work done? I guess I can't 
is at work somewhat bored outta her mind. well at least she has twitter 
@Mattlike doing good! And u? 
work till twoo. nice and short shift 
work starts monday 
@IAMTHEMATRIX  i heard that.. how was work love? 
Home from work. Finally laying in my comfy warm bed 
I haven't slept much and feel like a zombie...have to get ready for work....good morning 
done with my english project 
@roystern09 - ahhh good work 
@urbansmiler terrific hashtag work! The #hashtagrebelalliance welcomes all 
@BridgetD :o accounting is a tough work, fast mind needed..., wish you the best on it 
@adamcoop No company cc, just use my own whenever I have to buy work stuff and get all the points 
work 4-10pm. ahhh. someone should come by &amp; keep me company 
yeah! I finally did my work! I hope I get 100! xoxo 
wants to go outt.. &amp; i wish people at work would stop saying i'm too young.. 25 isnt too far out of my range 
early bird at work on a friday...and hoping to leave early as well 
@blogomomma I've been spending extra time with fam.  It's been good.  But I need to get some work done soon 
@andyhasaposse oh just come along.  hotel is work-sponsored and free!  
itunes + light bodice work. channeling the energy, lol 
@SherriEShepherd u look amazing tho. keep up the great work.   
@markhoppus TICKET PLEEEEESE!!!!!  Haha hows this method work?
@ work bored, tired, and horny 
as if i finish work @ 11. is that even allowd cauz im under 18..? i dont think it should be. 
@santosangel hey! i'm just here buried in work. geez, i hate saying that! anyway, see you soon k? mwah! 
@patsylagan that sucks! We've got loads of work we can send you to keep you occupied if you want? 
@berkscub sounds like your work look after you quite well then 
bored at work lah!  hehe!
@journo_at_work decisions, decisions .. 
