Most common words for this cluster:
[('work', 1919), ('home', 184), ('works', 48), ('school', 46), ('working', 42), ('done', 36), ('lol', 33), ('way', 31), ('sick', 29), ('phone', 26), ('amp', 26), ('job', 25)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'work', 0.9622336030006409), (u'working', 0.6783443689346313), (u'works', 0.5873417258262634), (u'job', 0.5538403391838074), (u'worked', 0.5421155691146851), (u'towork', 0.5278661847114563), (u'Gabby_Giffords_Kolbe', 0.5133082270622253), (u'Work', 0.50905442237854), (u'ResourceMFG_delivers', 0.5090523362159729), (u'Guglielmana_retired', 0.4998871088027954)]





Behind on my classes for work 
@reannaremick doesnt work on my cell  go to sleep! =P
talking to a boy  hating work though 
Even with the best intentions i'm late for work again 
i fell tired, i want to sleep, but im almost done with some work, and i need to go to the bathroom 
At work, and a little sick 
at work and tired. doing reports... fun! no not really 
@mathie makes for hard work for small businesses 
terrible toothache, feeling very grumpy. 44 hotels to write about in my work queue 
damn tha last message didnt work 
back in the land of the living, but alas, have head in work! 
Has too much overtime at work 
programming homework is making me late for work 
i'm at work. also just realized i am going to fall about $100 short of depleting my work-study funds. noooooo i refuse to work extra days 
Getting ready for work...I'm super sleepy 
at work, although I think I should be at home, in bed, instead... 
uughhhh. back at work. help. please. 
work work n more work with the occasional moan from a very moody teenager!!!!!! I h8 the school holidays 
Is off to get some work done 
In work, ridiculously tired though, no appetite and lucozade isn't helping 
eating breakfast, work at 1.... 
sitting at work bored, wish i was home 
is at work, fighting a bad cold 
@mrsgoodall no jaunt.  I had to be @ work early and I couldn't imagine getting up any earlier
@dopemaneazyecpt  what type of work u do darliiiing??  hangover = 
So bored on lunch at work 
is so bored of school work :/ why is there so much to know 
doing course work  better than being in work i suppose !!!
@Smartah79 it is, but alas, i am stuck inside doing college work  x
@ work on a sat.. 
course work boring 
At work....what a drag 
At work looking at our ratings 
at work  text me please.
@cyntcity can u call me after work 
Is in have work bright and early 2mra 
epic amounts of work to do for college 
@ryanr09 Just tired. About to go home from work.  need sleeeeeeeeep
I hate that the queensboro bridge is under construction I have to be up for work again in less that 6 hrs  wtf
I love chick flicks &lt;3 and I hate work 
at work, totally bored! I wish bestie was home already 
Is working again! (Planning) a teachers work is never done 
is feeling ill at work 
got 2 paper cuts at work 
about to do some school work procrastenating is just making me feel guilty 
Just woke up and realised I've a pile of college work to do and its sunny outside 
@rachMcfly how do you keep changing your name? it doesnt work for me 
@ABZQuine lucky you!! I'm stuck at work 
waiting to get the hizzie out of work so i can go home and check on my baby make sure she is feeling well before she drags herself to wrk 
i have too do a lot of school work now  *cry
got tons of work to do 
Too much clouds to sit outside  might as well do some work
too much work. phone borked. very very upset.  don't really have any will anymore.
@BOMBTWINZ we had carpenters making repairs and I couldn't just leave them alone. 
would very much like to be outside but instead im inside doing smelling college work 
@claireehenry No, didn't get to the game as I had work tonight 
@jazzyobaby Who are you telling? I was so sad when my school schedule didn't fit the work schedule so I had to quit.. 
I'm at work. in the security truck right now. would rather be in bed 
work until 4 &amp; then catch up on homework 
Wishing it wasn't raining so that we could do some yard work 
so much work to do before school starts again tommorrow 
Really wants to hand my notice in, work is really getting me down 
@natashahh i don't think i can  ughh I have this architecture project due tomorrow and a painting to do. work overload
@remzosaurus if i take the pills they'll make me sick &amp; i cant be sick like that at work. 
thinks it's too nice to be cooped up inside at work.  Always like this on work days and it's going to rain the next few and I have off 
Trying to download ares and limewire but it wont work. 
at home sick  realy wanted to go to astra awards to nite to c short tsack so bummed i cnt go  work tomoz 
Getting ready for work, so I'll be leaving y'all soon  Who still has to go to bed???
group work done presenting! other classes left, while mine is in the midst of presentation 
at work, again.  these overnights are beginning to take its toll.  
On my way into the dreaded college to catch up on work that should have been finished long ago 
It's far too warm outside to be at work! 
at work and missing her husband 
(still in work) my feet are killing me &amp; i still have chest pains 
wants twitter to work on my phone but it doesnt work 
@lettersincolour work issues... when people arent trained they cant be expected to perform 
going to school. i really don't want to go and look at how much makeup work i have to do 
@myshel317 : All work and no play means I'm going to miss you terribly 
Finally done with the kids art project...now eating some more jumbolaya/rice/spam, then off to get new contacts, then back to more work  
Doing college work 
home not feeling to go to go n work 
uploading websites and more work  
is fed up of doing college work and getting nowhere 
did some physics work.... still think im gonna fail... 
At work working on my cases! 
I'm heading home from work... but don't fool yourself, the work is following me home 
Doesn't like all the work that they make you do in college 
gdamn procrastination...still loads of work to do tonight 
I'm late for work, the train is rammed, I have no paper, no coffee and it's sunny outside. 
@MorganWillis   i work 330-730  but before or after works lovely!
left my phone at work 
Typical. I'm late for work and there is a huge traffic jam. 
... Taking work home = very bad.  
still no work  this is so not fun being unemployed!! So many resumes and no responses 
Any other sucker up in #yeg? I don't work shift work, but I'm stuck at work 
Wow... dont have twitter at work anymore...  so sad!!!!!  will have to use my phone now i thinks!! lol....
has woke up with the biggest headache ever  But work needs to be done!
is ready for bed, tons of work later 
@CryoTank - mixture of chronic insomnia and insufferable work-ethic. 
At college . . doing work 
is sitting in work wishing I was out in the sunshine!!!  
At work, filling in data  boring lol
@sheetalk m doing report work!!!! uffffffff!!! 
@benjaminvial working unfortunately 
@pramodbaddurkar @sheetalk m doing report work!!!! uffffffff!!! 
I should be doing school work.. but I'm not.  I hate myself 
@jds0321 i'm sad that i didn't get to hear ellen's call to gladys at work....  
at work on 11 hour shift.... YAY 
finishing my works, yeaks 
Lawrence was poppin...going home...got to wake up at 7 for work...dayumm 
I have totally underestimated the amount if work I've hgot left so I should really get out if bed and do some 
home, i'm tired. work tmrow 
Would really rather stay home and get on with my work 
@DavidCousens haha that's just the way it goes mate, most of my best work goes unused 
Should probably start doing some work now  cant't really put it off any longer!!
burnt herself at work 
i want to change my background image but it doesnt work 
working working working. so boring 
At work but still not feeling so hot. There are bagels beside me and they smell so good. But no appetite 
At work in the office. Only 5 hours left  x
Oh epic work fail. Also KAs still need to be incinerated and doctors suck 
At work, and a plague of tourists has descended 
no more headache!  no work!  more sleep!!  
tireed; just woke up; havee alott of schoool work to do  todaay 
Doing home work  x
awww @TheLostTrailers How bout you dont just came on the radio!!  work soon 
Preparing for work, i really hate space 
I am in so much trouble at work its not even funny, it was an accident 
@eggvip apparently I have to come into work for a meeting. 
i cant reply im on my phone  i cant work out how to.
Doing yard work again 
So much for work... I'm stuck again! 
Recouping after a shoulder operation!!! No driving n no work  missing my job as a veterinary nurse loads!!! x
Why do i always feel sleepy on my way to or when im @ work but perfectly fine once im home? Lol i want to sleeeeep 
@crissyexplosion Pretty much all school work! LOL! Aghhh I procrastinateee. 
i hate school work 
gahh work sucked balls 
I enjoy work, I just REALLY hate getting up and going there 
tweeet... just been made 2 get out of bed to da home work  i'm now watchin t4 to keep an eye out 4 mcfly
is off to bed now ...must be @ work by 845   then i MUST finish my 10 page paper, will it get done? stay tuned to find out...
getting ready for work .. got a hangover! not good 
will probably be late to #ultimate training, my alarm didnt work  eating soup now for #breakfast?
has too much design work  kill me now
just got home from work  sleep? I think not.
hating school work more than usual right now 
is going shopping today. Has no professional clothes for work. I need to start dressing more professional at work 
@asimplenation they blocked the site @ work 
has loads of work to do 
@j_a_m_e_s_k work on a funfair 
Home. Now I have to do work 
@ninjaewok - take it that means my advice didnt work then.... 
doing this work  ... need a snack break.
its too earlyyyyy.  work at 11:30. until then, ill just go cry more about nlt breaking up. :'(
it occurs to me that this would be excellent sleeping weather. and i'm at work  i'd probably be drooling all over myself if i was @ home.
kidney stones = suck...work till 6 
And so begins another struggle between enjoying the suddenly beautiful weather and actually getting work done 
@MrsSpaceman ew,work  and thank you for the offer which I gratefully accept! 
Needs to get ready for work 
@Bluishdayz I bet it is.. To bad I am stuck at work 
work scmwork. i shouldn't be here  damn tropical depression!!
Fucking a I'm not getting work done 
doing paper work 
@meloballerpoet she does u have to see her cry by the stairs when i leave for work..  so sad
@joeymcintyre I was going to go but I don't have anyone to go with me.  So I'll be watching from work on my computer, instead of teaching.
@aheartofstars I do too  it's good to learn new technologies, but work takes so much longer due to glitches out of our control. bad for us
Trying to get excited about my personal game project again... It's been a while since I did any work on it. 
*drowning noises* officially snowed under  now with added work
@CNelly my shit was week...work, work, work, no play. 
Still working on school work 
Tired after work and can't go 2 sleep 
@BeaBanks I want to but I got home work to finish 
back at work... having meetings again 
is NOT in work mode 
Needs to start doing work 
@Joelsk_ Haha, if there was an mtub at my work I would be able to go for a change, still yet to get to one 
so....did a good exercise, now school work 
At work.  no rest for the wicked!
Ugh work sucked and now I have a humongous headache! 
On my way 2 work 
not feeling well, staying home from work.  
just got left 4 dead... but it wont work on my computer. all the textures are fooked up 
At work boooooo!! It's quiet  want to sell lots 
I'm at work once again, probably going to hang blood on one of my patients not doing well 
@Mommykins41 darn u aren't awake  well when you wake up tell me what I missed I have to get ready for work
No more chillaxing, need to do work.. I know its a bank holiday, but needs to be done 
doing administration work and it is sooooooooooo boring 
@nardosina girl i tried to bb you  i see y it didnt work
I'm back at work but probably should be at home resting my voice! it hasnt quite recovered yet 
so early wish I was still sleeping but can't while my wife is at work 
bummed out that I cant open PSd files at work 
Urrrrgh couldn't sleep  dreaming about work...was way too busy!!! lol
@emily_jane it's english and photography work. such a mish 
got a lot of work ahead to appeal against Z's statement at a tribunal - work, stress and travelling 
is at work, and wants to be playing at the beach 
sitting at work trying to figure out how to motivate my son...I wonder if it's too late 
Ugh they're keeping my on call at work  come visit me at metropark @ the cerritos mall
when you'd rather be at work than home, you know there's something wrong. 
So... much... work. How can I enjoy spring when I'm always cooped up in my room? 
Procrastination only gets me so far... now I have to actually do some work 
@howlatthemoon No choice, had to go where there was work 
Just home from work, with a Bad headache 
jealous of those at dmb right now... im at work  come visit!!
work      bring on the exams!
has more work than she can handle... and needs a new phone 
@amytranxo aww no fair! I don't have any of that at work 
hour and a half left at work.  i dont think im going to make it.  
@matthewrubas  I told myself I'd only go out for one drink, it really didnt work!
doing my math home work  i hate math!
Is going at work... No siestas bien grache 
back at work for my semester project but very tired and thus not very productive 
work till 6. then home 
At work...I soo don't feel well...body aches and then I feel cold and hot... 
is going for a run  before work! 
@helena445 ah *hugs* msn doesnt work 
just got home from work, not looking forward to college tomoro 
Organising all my piles of work. 
is not feeling good and seriously think it's because of work...no lie 
work at 5:30am  I just wish my computer would work is that too much to ask for?
@Azulie i hear that...i'm still at work though. no pillows 
is sickies   will soilder on for after work drinks though!
work sucked. need a hug and a schmooch 
At work I hurt my brain.  I used it to much.  *sniff*  
just ironed my work shorts...i'm good to go 
wants to write, I have so many ideas..but I'm at work 
hopes he doesn't regret leaving his umbrella at work 
I am at work with a headache  
at work already board only here till 7pm tho!!!  lol
@safaribooks I'm told that our consortial licensing isn't covering diverse formats of the same work. So, it seems we must pay again 
Why is shakespeare GCSE work so hard for me 
@Hedgewytch was it a case of having too?? not going to get better at work 
finished work early. raining soon, so no basketball! 
sick of my work!! 
@krunchie_frog I'm in work 
i slipped over at work and now my knees are bruised 
@Liiinn it doesnt work! I've tried  all because i have a norwegian number....
going to work 9:30-2 then I am going to end up back at work to buy food.... I miss you  &lt;3
It's a work period, but I've done all my work already. I have to just sit here all period 
had a nose bleed at work 2nite 
@coderedg  At work.....damn man. Lol!
i am off sick from work with broken feet 
great even more shit flying my way with work 
why am I locked in @ work when the weather is so glorious 
Ugh I got called into work and they already covered my shift, didn't tell me till I got there. At 7 
hectic work load  too many projects and very less time
@raxlakhani I wish! Now I can't make it.  Really bummed but can't turn down some work that came my way. How you been? We need to catch up!
Is in my car outside off work 
Wish I didn't have to get out of bed for work  Lighting shift at the classic anyone...............
?bored my bubble tweets dont work 
just got off work. getting sick again  can't breathe....ugghhh
Watching the fire works from work. How depressing. 
This recession has really got me down...I have to deal with it at work too.. Its really hard to hear and see the suffering 
A new browser - more work to do  - http://www.wyzo.com
@simsslovenija for me doesnt work it,too    maybe to much visitors
pleaaaseee!!! i need help with my work experience report!!! :| any suggestions or help?? i'm despairing!! 
Going home after hard work 
@emijanie sucked in by the work vortex 
just doing college work 
all those research, typing, thinking, editing, analyzing, concluding.... i only reached 22% work done. This is frustrating  why so hard?!
is work  then more grad parties!!!!
@twitterrific great app, i enjoy it very much but unfortunately blocking profiles does'nt work 
shall get started on work 
sat in the library for a change. its very busy and i cannot be bothered to do any work 
arrrghhh i left my phone at work 
@geeksmakemehot address is 1005 gardner, you know the town. I think @D0ubleB has work for me 
way too tired for work right now 
Just back from walking the pup..now starting to slowwwly get ready for work 
ugh. construction work in my house. dnw 
still working on some make-up work....ugh 
@tszcheeteah it doesnt works 
Has loads of work to catch up with 
i cant find sound effects for my school work 
At work missing graduation 
I wish I was at the beach.  fail for work
@tszcheetah  doesnt works too 
wants to cuddle with @ownzu, but he's at work 
I'm swamped with work! And I have to rush to a wedding reception after work. 
has viral infection, was advised home confinement but now at work 
@TinkerGem however will you cope without him? No-one will inappropriately hug you at work 
@sharonhayes no, work and weather 
is over the slow internet at work 
my computer knows it's after 5pm...  it won't let me finish my work. it's tired. so am i. 
Uppload picture? It dosent work 
At work, bloody tired 
@otherijustine i want to play animal crossing but I'm at work  sadface
I am sat at work in so much pain!! note to self never do a 10k run without training 
Is back at work, and its busy as 
cafs irp. almost there. english prep task. needs more work. sleep. lacking so much! 
me and @jaimeelambarth are constantly attacked and abused by school work 
home-work 
Just relaxing after work got heaps of assignments to do 
I hate slow laptops at work  speshly when it's my job to make them quicker.  http://twitpic.com/5f46f
Dying at work, feel really rough and can't stop sniffing and sneezing 
Ugly outside and work 7-3...i miss the sunshine 
is stressed at work and is missin a certain sum1 
Getting ready for work, ahh Mondays 
@wlwarriorsuzie I know how he feels  What type of work does he do?
@farlala work related accident.. 
its cooolllddd outside. and my phone doesnt work, 
Morning twitterloves! still recovering from the pain...no work no play for me. 
@thelane depends how much work I have on 
@joshtastic1 just normal work...mainly paperwork  poor u....not piggy flu i hope!
Sitting at work in the forge 
On my way 2 work 
@i_am_heather ouch, and you're already awake? I'm at work  9am, i was opening the store!
ill...  but at least I'll get some work done! (:
Just got home from work.  I'm so tired.... 
being sick at work 
@mlanger That link for your gift doesnt work 
So much work  But call of duty wants me more!
@rufusisnodufus mountain of work is better than no work at all. Sucks to be jobless for 3 months 
home from work, heading to bed 
officially sick of work, my life's all confusing once again 
is bored at work  and is sick of this rain 
@MariahCarey I think all us lambs are doing fine! Just waiting on the new album!!!! Wish I was at home instead of work though 
At work.... Really isnt the same without jazzy fizzle.... 
at work  wishing i was at home...
its sad how many people come into work looking for jobs. i feel bad for them. 
@AMBuzzz I can never call in because I'm either at work, or in the car 
all work and no play... 
At work removing post-its from documents...yay 
is still at work even if she has been advised to go home and go on bed rest 
@samtaters i had planned to go yesterday but got tied up with decorating projects at home &amp; now i'm back at work 
at work   I hate my job
At work...wishing I was on my way MMOV. 
just got home from work . . . really tired, walked instead of rode, didn't take as long as i thought it would... hmmm...no carly anymore 
hey you have any advice for me? i have been falling behind in school but can't seem to bring myself to do my work 
@iDorianEst89 I'm so tired  had to drive my friend to his work...how's it goin?
I should stop talking so much at work!!  i'm worried that this will go into my assessment.
I should really get out of bed... Not for work reasons, just that there's no coffee here 
how can i focus to get my work done?? 
Frustrating is: being off work, and unable to sleep. the headache doesn't help either. 
has a headache  wish i was at home not in work 
i hate these mixed emotions, ahh! why can i be off of work already? 
damn rain  stuck at work!
Ah the joys, sitting at work right now...bored 
There is only 1 dude at my work I would bang; what a sad state of affairs. 
lunch and going to my work 
pulled an all nighter. work at 7 and working at the shop after. i need sleep 
is having a headache from work 
the draws out for the men's? still at work right now ... 
going to attempt to do some college work 
home sick from work. I feel like yucky. 
@houltmac no  real work getting in the way.
Its to beautiful outside to be inside working!! 
Sitting at work - wishing i was out in the sunshine!!!! 
@Seansmoma I would love to come see you and i most certainly would...if josh hadn't told me i couldn't take off work... 
bored at work. no kids 
neck deep in work 
@drcharlii  how come? work?
hard at work in the office 
On my way 2 work  not happy!
long weekend ahead... gotta move, work on 2 projects and study for final 
I have to tell my pet paralegals I can no longer do their work for them. I feel so guilty. 
@jamievaron Totally. I have published work I can't even show my parents. 
I wish I had a good place to go running!! I want to go work out so bad right now but I an stuck at work l! 
@PaperCakes Wow, that's the worst situation to be in.  I really hope it all works out, but I really feel for you!
I wasn't able to take advantage of free breakfast. I had breakfast before work 
Three periods then weekend!! And work 
A little disappointed that it's 11:05am &amp; I still haven't finished work so we can get on the road 
@Midnightmovie73 ugh I wish I was going shopping, I'm getting ready for work 
Just home from work and supping lemsip... not feeling to great   
is sat at work listening to answer phones 
moving art work in the rain 
I fail at getting work done. I am so bad. 
Just got home from work and it's my turn to do dishes. 
Just got up for work all my family are still in bed! 
Catching up with the work piled up during my paternity leave 
@V_nkotbgirl me either busy at work 
up late doing whackk school work. 
i feel like I've been hit by a truck and I really cannot concentrate on my work right now  mind is going round in circles ugh
http://twitpic.com/65zdl - i just cut my finger at work 
Should've hit up a lounge or somethin after work 
I hate when work gets in the way of my being able to watch live tennis  It just isn't the same recorded
@drewhawks  work is hard to leave at work sometimes when you work with humans~
just got home sadly has work soon 
Here at work having lunch. A lot of work and not enough help 
I am horrible at appraising peer work. What are these Americans thinking when they compose poems? Or maybe I am the one with the problem. 
@Damevegas am alive   but at work   finish at 1300   sun is out 
@aianna21 @nandiaramos Sadly not, no. They're his colleagues and it's a work party 
at work  closing files
work work work. my desk is a sea of papers and I am the dinghy being tossed about in its waves. 
What's with the mass exodus from work at half three?  It makes me sad
@jaceypants well piss on that. I can't get into their site @ work nor does it come thru on my phone. 
home for lunch &amp; double free. work 5-8. so much school work 
@ekalavyab dammit i had the passes but i am still at work 
Trying to get some work done not too happy about work situation 
@kedge0417 is work next door sucking again 
At work again, when the weather is beautifullll 
What a meeting... YAY more work for me 
Going to shawnee........I hate the long drive there...i just want to get all this paper work over with 
On my way 2 work damn sinus headaches suck 
I just got busted by the owner of our company playing with a squishy ball at my desk...he asked if I needed more work to keep busy 
Is at work  ohwell need money so : D
would really like to not be at work and instead taking a nap. 
@ZRHERO wont work!  and it keeps disconecting my pod.. :@ I officially hate it now.
I'm at work....bored out of my mind. 
@Kirstyy09xX I didn't see Tuesdays, I was at work 
@shtoofi  i know the feeling, working so much sucks hardcore. we need to hang out soon
People at work are stressing me out.  
 my monitor won't turn on. This can only be the work of my mother.
just got home...I was @ work to get the key 4 tomorrows douple shift 
I am sitting at work watching the clock.  It isn't moving fast enough. 
i have officially hit the wall, totally nonfunctionalproductive at work 
Feeling very tierd! too much college work!!!!!! 
@gregkang ah allergies  you must be sleeping walking at work!
no longer works at swiss chalet 
@pen15lvr they frown on us googling alcohol at work 
@DJGigiDred not fare lady, no body naps while I am at work 
it just thundered reallyreally loud at work and this little boy started crying  I wanted to cry too...I hate storms! wah
I just broke a bottle, I should probably focus on work instead of thinking of more songgoeswrongs 
@MarieTuckerVA busy wit work  how is your business going on?
Has got the slow cooker going, now just to get ready for work 
I'm either always on the train or at work 
@medic60 all work, no play. 
@JDABOYWONDA haaayyy  i thought i was ur friend @ work  
I need another cup of cafe befrore I began work... 
@ChapStique called me!!!! ahh! so awesome  too bad i was at work  but he's supposed to call again, plus he's on my voicemail now!!! AHH!
is tired of all the drama at work. 
@redsheep wish i was there! i'm actually at work now  missing #geekcamp
I hate getting carts at work 
don't try and bribe your sister into cleaning your car.... it doesnt work 
@franksting at work so onlyhave radio - which I have stopped listening to.  #swans
@chrkuhl28 lol.  i'm so bored.  i have no more school work and i don't have any shows to catch up with on the internet.  
On my way 2 work.... 
At work...... I want this say to be over 
@aLiStdaDon cause I'm at work  no play!
Getting ready for work so cba cause of this lovely weather 
@casinoweb i cant im working 
its far too cold to be at work 
work start 
In work  - ah well it pays the bills
@MakingOurEscape oo wooow!! so competitions doo acctually work!!! wiiicked  oo. but poor quality 
@Hannzzz i hope it all works out 
fell over and hurt my knee at work 
@bnobonini#myweakness work NIGHT 
@bnobonini #myweakness work NIGHT 
@KendraFallon apart from house work I haven't either 
I'm at work now! With the largest headache everrr! Not cool 
Sitting in work looking out at the beautiful sunshine 
can't be doing with this work during good weather! its unfair 
work is really starting to depress me 
rise and shine..........for work. 
And so, as @rygledhill returns from work, i must depart 
Thinks it's tragic we're at work when it's weather like this!!! 
wants to go back to bed, but cannot. Fuck work. 
@jtmccarthy i can't, sorry. no one at work wanted to switch shifts 
@rmalpass I'm doing work... and I'm inside  I wish I had a laptop!
thinks that it's too hot to be at work 
work till 1  who knew extensions were so painful!?
 our plan didnt work and were now stuck in these awful seats haa
books 100% finished! more work to be done now 
catching up on shows before I drag myself to the computer to do spanish work 
On my break at work, it's tooooo warm 
headed to the park with paul. not getting off work early 
@standinginalley the pills dont work for me.. gives me nitemares 
Up for work  I want a big white pizza.
rainy weekend perfect to work work work 
Leaving camping soon  fucking work!
I'm still exhausted  work til 8:30...kill me now
way too freakin sleepy  work 11-6.
has had to finish sunbathing to get ready for work  boo!!!!
i have towork from 6 to 10  snif snif
@shawnjfeldman LOL. prison as in work? agreeeeed 
cup game has long been over. doing work 
@producer_mo I would if I could but I can't. I'm at work till 5 
Debating what to do before work.. So far I have eat smoke and shower.. doesn't exactly take me to 2pm 
Is at work.  rather be at the pool!
@Uwila @tehgeekgirl bring me some magic pancakes please! I'm here at work! 
entire weekend ruined by work. there should be a law.  
Why won't my picture work? 
cannot do work while its sunny 
at work  performing at relay for life later!
@jASH_mjBs working  when you leavin'
wishing I was at the beach instead of at work 
I don't want to be at work or at home. I need to runaway and get a new life 
at work .. completely bored .. and i cannot even read my book 
work now  6 hours on the bar...here we go
I just finished exams but I still have work to do 
Getting ready 2 go 2 work @ my regular job    I'm grateful but I rather work on my music and acting.
should really stop looking at work emails at home 
awe! I wish i could bring food to joes work but only too bad i'm at work as well! 
Home sick from work 
working working working...it seems that all I do is work... 
Why do i have to be at work now with no internet?!  #asylm
@KuraFire I would totally do second brunch but I have to do work and @cbowns still has my laptop 
got sent home from work  i have pink eye
@Angels141 totally not going into work. I'm still in bed 
I've been nudged by @piklman  thanku, and it wasn't very painful, other than the fact that I'm @ work and he's at a party 
@RAHeight You'll be okay  When it's all finished, it'll be awesome. I don't know how you guys work so hard/well under so much pressure!
wishing I was laying by the pool instead of at work 
I am so depressed at work.   I seriously need a woman.  I don't need love.
I wonder how the backyard project is coming along? Wish I wasn't stuck at work. 
@aldbthckr I twitted you back  and your drunk before work?! Haha
wants to ride his bicycle... but it's at work 
@Samanthapapst at least come see the hard work i put into it 
marketing and searching for work while bills are mounting. 
at the hosptial..collapsted at work from dehydration 
I tried 2 use it &amp; it didnt work. I had 2 D/l as a free user  @KingBhob
Hey, guess what happened?  I misread my work schedule again @annazhaao 
@KourtneyKardash i've been stuck @ work damn it 
work :/ so i get to miss @coasterguy59 s grad party 
hanging out at work... wishing i could go out tonight.. clubbing with my crew.. 
up at half 7 for work, this should be interesting 
no more getaway plan  so not keen for work. happy birthdayyy @kateske
I'm sitting in line-up at work...wondering why I chose a profession that entails babysitting grown, capable adults. 
@AbsoluteValue I'm at work  no sky here... *sigh*
@maricrisg wish i could download it but stuck at work  #mmwanted
@outpost  You did what at work?  How?? 
@MockngbirdGirl I guess the rice dddnt work 
Too many works. Missing sum1 so so special 
Off of work. I hit my shin 
work sucked, like always. super tired now, and my allergies are horrible 
I'm sick at work and going to be home alone when I get off  .. No one wants to take care of me ...
climbing into bed in search of some zzzzzzzzz's before work again. 
i was debating on whether or not to go homeward.. but i don't think i should.  should get my work done   sowwy thekatwong.
@emily_sarahhhh: sorry  i had work  wish i coulda been there 
@bethmillar @craigramsden It iz teh Sundayz, why r u leaving for works 
computers at work are ubbbeerrr slow  &amp;&amp;starting to miss those conversations.. hmmm....
 poker wont work 
Breaking in new shoes at work  not fun pretty sure they are bleeding...lol
is back at work and badly needing a vacation...  http://plurk.com/p/xbxbp
@purplehayz Nothing. I'm at work. 
@BBlane  i dont work in an office 
@aussieboby we can swap. I think I'd be happier doing the courier work than my desk job.. I dont get any travelling with work though 
On my way 2 work again 
I want to progress with my life, but I can't help but be impeded by a certain obstacle. I need it to move, but it wont work with me... 
just got out from hospital and went straight to the office for work!!! 
over and above dayjob work that i have to do over the weekend, freelance clients are also on my case  *feels sorry for self*
really does not want to go work when its this  hot outside 
@lilyroseallen lucky you... I'm stuck at work  do you need a servant will accept minimum wage lol
In the garden doing more work. Why did I agree to do all these websites 
just got home from work! 
Just got home from work and doesn't feel very good 
work 9-2, trupia's research paper 
house work 
At work, inside, missing the lovely weather yet again 
@christyflynn i'm stuck inside doing work 
At work..bored n hungry! 
I had to leave work because I think I have a migraine. I always feel so guilty if I have to leave/call in. 
Getting ready for work, my vacation is over. 
I should get used to dreading work..12-9P 
Stomach ache  At work  
At work eating lunch I feel so tiered  never drinking again
@doinit4thefame haha I apologise. It's bloody roasting here too and I have to sit and finish my work .....  not long left!!
gaaah i have too much school work to be done 
having breakfast getting ready for work 
@cotswolds Nor to be catching up on work at my desk either 
Dooing chores before work. 
@geezabird I know that feeling - trying to do my work expenses in the heat 
@nicprausa The newest episode won't download on my work computer 
throwing up at work and my boss won't let me go home 
is doing college work  but has Busted on  full blast 
@ofheartandcity I would if I wasn't at work.  just I'm my phone.
works at 2 
@damnkillcam i wish you didnt have work and could come over  its gorgeous out and we could lay out on the roof!
going to do my home work. 
turns out Twittersplit doesnt work with my host 
At work suffering 
I am sick of college work! 
best crack on with the school work , tried to avoid it for too long 
I miss my baby... he's at work 
school work again 
Sitting @ work discussing the inconsistencies and hypocrisy @ work, makes me ill 
just left home for work and its total darkness outside  where's the sunnnnn?!!
@csangree I'm at work. she's at home 
Just got out of work...no searching desperately for food 
I'm super sick and I'm at work   I feel like I'm about to pass out 
It should be a crime to make any1 work when its so pretty outside 
is back from work and his hands are sore 
back from camping and pretty much loving life, except for the fact that i am now at work 
I am at work and I can smell bacon! 
@hiddenclothing stupid work meetings 
Setting up prices is difficult work 
@stephanieyee me too! but now i have to do work  dim sum and shopping was fun!
@thisgoeshere uhuu me too ! all that hard work and then poof.. all gone 
I just came home from work, it's 1 a.m. and I can't sleep.. 
homework    Three projects is a lot of work!
I'm getting sick of being called into work. 
@goldeyedvamp work  i may leave early though . They have no food i can eat here and im too hungry
course work 
I'm late foe work and I don't know what to wear. 
home from work. head is hurting. 
getting ready for work why did i agree to take a extra shift 
overtime at work????? not worth it.. 
@lAliCAKES  I know I do suck. I'm just so buzy working..
watching the simulation now..getting more bored with work. 
Too much of works 
when will korean companies understand there is a need for english on their websites... difficult to do ur work when u can't understand 
Sitting on my floor, surrounded by work, handouts, notes and assignments...I feel sufercatted 
man it sucks to be back at work 
All work and no play! 
going to sit in garden then get ready for work 
Art work is killing me - The pretty.odd. album cover is harder than i thought it wud be... 
@Samanthy6 im at work after a filling with no anesthetic  x
somehow #twhirl doesnt work properly on my office network.. 
@hannahjarin29 Apparently, their thesis was also their project at work so it was easy for them to finish it. But for me... 
Off work - ill 
I'm off work ill with a cold 
Feeling so sick that I am going to faint on my work station   
just got home from work, got shell's birthday present  freaking out about english speech!!!  should be getting quotes for it but no...
No work to do!  bored as chips
I cant beleive the amount of work i have to do 
is at work...and hating Mondays 
getting ready for work. my staycation is officially OVER! 
my hubby is on his way home from work. there is apparently not much electrical work available for an apprentice right now 
@davexler too bad I can't get pictures at work, let alone get on twitter 
why isn't my ThickBox working  There isn't that many places it can break.
bout to get in the tub, then off 2 work.. 
SIgh.. favourite application just crashed taking mornings work with it because I saved it in wrong file format 
back at the office both at work and home.....must be stupid or something 
is anxious to post some new work....but first things first...www.theMASman.com reconstruction isn't done yet. 
@LarryFlick @Comedydaddy welcome back!  I got busted at work listening to you ... 
@kisses143muah back at work 
was going to be on time for work...but due to the stupid metro will be half hour late...ugggggh that means staying at work later 
Is at work... hungover and needing more sleep.  had fun though!!
is sat at work, roll on 5.30 
@Paddymcallister you try going round all the PC's at work I'm stuffy offices. That is truly hotter than the sun 
@breegeek on phone @ work...can't view it 
gives up on this work 
@RJay45 haha doubt it.  I'll HAVE to get work.
@tanushreebaruah no start sports at work  We need to subscribe to it
is off to scrub bathrooms at work  http://plurk.com/p/xnfz3
@philcr In truth I'm really looking forward to the E3 briefing - will miss it live, as I'll still be at work 
off out for a walk in the sun before work  x
I'm so beat. I just want to sleep. at work now hoping to get out early. huge headache. 
is loving the weather but is stuck with work 
first wave of work pressure hitting  
where, oh where can my 'paperwork' be...     not at home, not at work...where else can I look...
Leaving work n going home....i dont feel good 
leaving work early.. and get some rest 
@YoungQ wish i could chat with you but at work 
@YoungQ I can't, it's blocked here at work  are you at rehearsal already?
Getting ready for work/I am still kind of sick 
is falling asleep at work 
I'm going to do a work with my friends 
good morn'n! aint feeln so good so stayd home 4m work! 
@Leerie I wish I could go to that vigil, but I don't even get off work until 7 
at work. dying of boredom. 
@AstheniaRocks.. money. I want extra work.  Iloveyoutoo. can you think of any sites that might help?x
Just finished work, my feet hurrry! 
Ugh it's only 12  physical therapy right after work 
@stegersaurus how come no work?? so lucky 
@ReDoubleD i need to get some to match some some.. but i'll be done w/ work and class at 9:45. straight run 
my laptop was stolen from work 
at work...wishing i was on the beach somewhere!! 
Lying on the couch, convincing myself to go to bed. Grrah to school and all the work and travel it entails. 
back from work, really sick 
ahhh, no more school. downside is work 
@natewright I really want to see that picture but I'm at work and I dont have internet. 
Everything is down at work and I can't go home. 
Still has some school work to do from when I crashed 
home from work...tired  call if you want to talk...
hey tweeps!  boy, i need to catch up! back to work now   tweet yall after work!
@FoodStories ouch you just reminded me i once did that with an email - at work 
I tried to upload a new profile pic, but it didnt work as its animated. I tried uploading another one, it told me it worked, but it hasnt 
@annavogler I'm w/ you on that sister! Looks like more work and more prep for an audit! 
I won't be here  i have to go to atlantic city for work
work ugh... still trying to figure out how to work this site 
I am having the most terrible migraine at work right now.  Make it go away!
phone is currently not working   work, stupid phone! work!
Heading home as I didn't get my work done 
my tweets dont work 
No one is at work  But I guess I can be productive and go home early
has lots of work to do 
I'm at work feeling like I can pass out at any moment!  This must be sinus pressure.  
They ran out of towels at tanning.  work at 5
Only just home now, but the work isn't over yet 
awww sleep so wonderful, ive been so damn busy lately, now time for work 
booo the download didnt work 
@taylorswift13 This video doesnt work 
@ddlovato you are at the beach? I still at work and later I have classes 
hung over at work 
just got back from out of town now i have to go into work 
back from wonderland! now i have to actually do some work 
why won't my photo work? 
What a beautiful should be outside not cramped inside at work 
just got home from work! ahg i dont like working 
Is at work ... No phones allowed 
@donabiola I was too busy dealing with horrid customers at work to tweet. 
@lorafay hey you its wesely! I have twitter now! idk how 2 add 2 my phone  I tried but it wont work! I would like to talk soon. love you
work @ hollywood video 7-10 
wants to be off work so she can actually enjoy nice weather.. not fun! 
This picture is too much work 
Home from work so tired right now 
now getting home from work. 
Just dropped 320 bones at work  now I'm broke.
sigh... still at work. I hate having to depend on the T to get leave my office 
is doing home work...so very thrilling right now! 
all work and no play... 
@rohansingh more like lack of work.  
can't make her phone work so twitter can be more fun. 
@SarahDos will do my best if I don't fall asleep doing stupid work first! 
working on a simple portfolio. need work....... 
Sitting at work, waiitng for this table to leave  text me.
@guitarscreams bb why doesn't your picture work 
bumming around before work..   I have this rash on my arms again 
@BradleyJean when is it suppose 2 b up... im late working does that to ya... 
Eugh  hate early work def napping when finished!
@jessicaspence thought you were over boost.. Haha work is gay 
I am sitting at my desk &amp; watching the work pile up 
@deaddamien That just reminds me of how inferior the coffee is at work. 
Just about to leave work for and hour long trip 
is working on the report for work. 
Loving the weather but getting ready for work 
@ work now, seems to be as excditing as everyday.. .*cheer* 
@podgypanda His work is awesome, I ordered his book, but the shop went bust and I never got it 
is addicted to happy farm  can't concentrate at work
The harsh reality of being back at work!!! 
@TaylaMe3 I was supposed to be going to work tmw, then they ring me up and tell me that they've got no work for me and tht it's quiet 
sitting at work really quite bored again also have the beginnings of a headache! 
Looking for work experience for transition year..but so far..nothing 
To nice outside to be stuck at work 
 Craving a cheeseburger. But I was supposed to go work out tonight...
Getting up, getting coffee, getting ready for work 
@gaborcsigas worrying about money blocks not only my creativity but my productivity  can't concentrate on work while i panic over bills
@iLoveLyci my girl had to be at work at 2 
too much hard work does the body bad  working until noon
soooooooo bored at work  &amp; wants to be down the beach!!!
to.....many.......school.......work 
So much work to do and this project is something i really don't want to rush! 
came home from work and now i do work on my presentation about london, but it's too much information to end this quickly so 
Making the most of the beautiful weather before work 
stuck at work! Not fair 
Out 2 run some errands &amp; 2 work out again. Not that it's really doing me any good, since I've gained weight. 
up way too early for work... 
@TessMorris would love to, but alas i have to drive to the city and do some work  lol
Hopes to get all his hard work done before the heat comes on  http://myloc.me/2maM
I went up to my old school earlier &amp; all my old art work had been thrown away 
work 9-4, chopping my hair off, class 6-745 
just got harrassed by the security staff of my own building for taking a photo of a work collegue outside in the street 
@OtaliaRocks I'm at work, so no enjoying the sunshine for me.  But other then that, I'm good.
just got home from work.. tired but to busy to sleep!! 
Headed into work. I sure do wish I could sing for a living. 
ugghhhh back at work...needs vitamin water 
It's good to wake up a little later than usual... But I still need to officially check out from school. I got a little more work to do... 
The later I leave for work the longer it takes to get to work. 
@toreo I must have that sign when I'm at work as well 
just finished work....in bed feeling sick... 
Wants to go home... bored of work now 
trying to get my work done, but still not feeling well...all prayers are appreciated 
I'm at work....then get my hair cut...then off to the gym!  It's still raining... 
at work...boring then ITALIAN TEST 
@YoungQ u better not do live chat while I am at work 
lying in bed dreading work at 3 until 10. ugggh 
@BeibhinnMurphy doing work  lol
at work and can't watch #E3 conference! 
i have been waking up so sleepy lately. i havent been taking my naps.  let me get dressed for work.
sitting at work, thinking about the million other things I'd rather be doing right now!  
http://twitpic.com/6gzon - 6 months of business receipts to sort through  but work...
Still b....y working! 
workin, then home to do more non-work related work  WTF?
its sad that i have to sneak in2 the bathroom @ work in fear of my coworkers turning the lights off on me, just because i do it to them. 
so sleepy! work experience is tiring 
Doing home work 
@tini21 work work work  but it pays for my shopping and chocolate addiction
still not able to n'joi vacations as tabulation work is on... 
@anetteTHErocket I would love to! I did a write-up on it and it looks good, but I have work 
@DonnieWahlberg every 1 is watching the live chat  I can't see from work WTF!!!!!!!!!
Absolutely falling asleep at work. This is miserable. 
All work, no play. I'm so tired 
@Courtnickles aww I see..I been busy as well babe. The nightly work outs are making me soar though 
is at work and would rather be with her instead. 
My head is killing me from too much stress.... And I'm stuck at work till 1130 
Late night still at work virus issue hogging resources 
For once, I actually don't have homework... But I'm stuck doing late work 
work was greeeeat...got some homeworking to do 
@eddscape lots of work 
I so rather be home working on my paper... F work man... 
is not feeling well..over work &amp; fatigue  http://plurk.com/p/y01t6
@TaraFlecktones @VinnieG3 always has him some free movies passes. always. I woulda gone but I was at work late 
Just got home from work, too tired 
@dulcecandy87 its working but they are preforming site maintenance yet again 
I hate being sick: all concentration on work goes to null 
@Inrose I'm sorry that can be very frustrating, and being frustrated can make the work harder 
I rwaly should go work out, but I'm hungry again 
I really should go work out, but I'm hungry again 
@rsbot  is the website working? not for me 
Loving minimum responsibility. Not loving track work 
@blindcripple I know, true, I do so love sleep &amp; snuggling in bed. The last place I want to be is at work. 
 work again uhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmm how i would love to snuggle in my warm bed again...
So that's enough detective work for me, just searched all the major commercial airline crashes(domestic and local) in the last 2 decades! 
Meetings at work make me sad. I don't know why. 
no one visits me at work 
@deadlyhifi Totally...I got off my bike at work and just wanted to get back on again!! 
is at work... not feeling very good... I think I am a catching a cold 
why does maximum work turn up when you are unwell 
Going home early from work, still don't feel that well... 
At work... empty... bored... v.bored... 
To much course work 
Oh no I'm poorly sick off work, I hate being ill 
Seriously feeling ill  why does tonight have to be the dinner for 520???  well we shall see how work goes.
@Ruaile wish I had youtube at work.... 
@cocktailsatfive I loved it until it knocked the power out at work.  That office gets way too hot.   But I love my storms!!!
Is missing her friends. Especially at work 
Getting ready for work. Insurance work. What fun! 
@gambit35133 it does because I did not male the gym left work at 5:30 
@eBeth, sounds good,but only having the net on my phone when in work limits my involvement 
@WeAreAtoms my job doesn't let me tweet at work 
Morning Twitterbugs! On my way into work *dread* but I guess I should be grateful to have income 
Not wanting to go and get blood work done 
is at work... again. No call yet, fingers still crossed 
work.. wish it wasnt shitty out so i could beach it up laterr 
 the ultimate chaos #work 
One leaky joint  but garden tap works!
soooo busy with work. i have no social life 
i'm still here at work.. all alone 
so irritated that I got up and ready for work just to have to turn around and come back home 
my honey's at work now ...i'm missed him already 
staying home from work not feeling very good 
my baby just left for work 
has been fixing his work PC all day - nearly all done now, then it's back to real work again  
I'm stuck at work with what can only be described as food poisoning... 
@djspizzle But I think this need hands on work  ;(
@Bracket8 I don't get paid for house work 
@pghpenguins i know where you are...too bad i'm at work and can't scavenger hunt. 
@kristensquire Your work schedule makes me sad. 
I can't watch vlog at work 
had a meeting from when I walked in the door, till now. Just sat down @ my desk, only with a lot more work to do 
last back work appointment 
It's been madness here at work so no tweeting for me. I feel like I'm missing out on all your wonderful randomness 
@jiayongou i can't go changing all the settings of the computers at work  if i could, i would
I am back.. but again with some more work...now its the time for me to work on my project 
We're moving offices again at work. I hate moving and packing! 
No more free drinks at work 
Rushing to get errands dome before work 
I don't feel like getting ready for work  or even going there...
@itsamandafool parents are at work. I have no ride. 
I hate being a bagger at work 
@Broooooke_ aww it sucks when friendships dont work out  x
Wishing I could be at home...its so ugly out and I am sleepy  but I am stuck at work until 4:30 
@thegeekchic I've made that suggestion here at my work, but they refuse to buy hammocks 
i should've stayed home. locked out of my user account at work. waiting on hold. no hold music. 
@SomaCowGeoff nowhere near altamonte  i work way out on narcoossee
@SolarDawn I have all my work done here, but I will have to stay until 3:30 
doing art work 
@FreeRangeMom well if there's a bad signal, it definitely wont work right 
Is about to have a hot bath  and then get ready for work 
Sitting @ home work @ 4 
just got back from taking the doggums for a bike ride...now preparing for work 
@_robink_ @clare_b I don't know.  I can't seaech the story. I'm at work and can't and won't open that here hahahah
late for work  I need to start sleeping more
At&amp;t only service that works on the road sprint 
sitting at work being bored.  I'm all alone 
home from work and hot 
These women at work have so much to complain about wtf... I never want to get old and miserable!! 
Getting off work... then going to work again @ 5... I want to ride my new bike  not work!
@ThaKang76 awww...will you be getting off of work soon or is it work AND home? 
I'm trying to finish my work.... not helping with a toothache though 
I have to go shopping for black pants when I get off of work.. 
training for work  ahhh
Just finished work, man that was long! Not cool 
At work without my girls 
work from 7-10, which means im not seeing UP tonight 
@Ainz90 may have made it through work but my legs kill. 
@PamDH I feel HUGE empathy for those 35% of women.....it's not nice at all &amp; makes being at work in a stressful job not much fun 
Off the the Kbenshs in my work clothes. 
Missing my work out partner 
at work and already bored out of my mind. 
 Awww derek is at work back to making kandie with the little ones  :o
Wish I was at work! They sent me home  @Markizchozen
Doing the school work ... 
@DarkAlchemy i feel like i should've been the one to stay up, since i don't have work or school. 
exhasted, tired, school &amp; work 
someone come visit me at work! 
just got home from work, now staying up till who knows doing this gay research paper 
@child0fthecity your work suuuucks. 
@ArunBasilLal at work busy with classes 
got home from work...and started...working. 
work is hell...im on break then i get another 4 lovely hours left..great 
Finallyyy done at work! Only 2 nights left! I feel like i am going to puke 
missing my man and his little one  want so bad to be in his arms and not here at work 
I dislike instances in which I compose emails and then send them without subject lines. Especially when work related 
my combative paitent at work beat me up 
bored home   work at 8...
don't want to geht up and work  weather is shit
I want to stay in the warm, in my bed.... but work calls 
@sofakingkrazy well yeah...i know...but it was what was here at home. I shouldve gne to dennys after work though 
is gettin ready for work  Can see it being busy...
tired, delirious, working on an english project 
@EPMorgan tis sunny up here! and i have volleyball work to do  was planning on going down to troon to watch beach volleyball but can't
@carole29 I can't exactly take  my clothes  off at work can I? 
home from work. finalllllllllllly. ready for that good good! if i had it.... 
well since cricket is off i might aswell do some work 
I love straight parties! Too bad I got work at 0530 
both maclaren out of qual, that team has some work to do! 
@cpfcrox they play as much as 20 different songs? really?? feels more liie 5 when i'm at work 
well, actually I want 2 sleep bt I hav 2 work  pretty bad!
 bored in work! Bleeehhh just had chilli for lunch
Getting ready to start work  can't wait to go home to my family
catching up with my college work!!  LOL
sitting in work, shaking like a leaf 
Trying to catch up on work while my son plays in the park with the sitter.  
@iamJoanlee are u performing first that's why it says 6pm sharp? Becauuuse I have a mtg4 work after work 
I'm sick at home  and I'm finding out how this work.
i had a bad dream. and now im up up to get ready for work 
sooo tired, getting ready for work!  11-5, than homework
My legs still hurt from work 
missing robby's graduation cause of work 
just sitting thinking what to have for tea, then will be getting ready for work... 
Weekend work.  
is the only 1 that works around here 
going into work soon, i have no life now...... 
work is shit, no one turned up 
@Bcolorful I'm here I'm here!!! I been ok, just that my work and sleep schedule is different than all of you. 
wating on clairey fairy to pick me up for work. missing ashleigh so much  &lt;3
haven't got energy to do any work 
why won't sims 3 work on my computer or laptop? 
first order of business. work. 
Waiting to leave work and missing my lady 
@cariquinn After work, of course... 
trying to give a dog medicine is a work-out 
only thing i don't like is that the model is like... 48 years old and it shows. but when you're looking for paid work you can't be picky 
@dinoxheartcorex I'm with my family.  &amp; there making me do work. 
At work  I can't keep my eyes opennn!
at work, board 
its beautiful outside and i have work 
I really hate working on bad code! It's even worse when its your own 
just getting out of work. did some serious business to my collar bone 
@ememmyem I'll probably go out for coffee, but the work has to get done. No chances of a real treat 
I just remembered .. opening the pool is hard work. 
got sent home from work as she isnt very well 
Sitting at work, waiting for backup to get here &amp; take over my shift. We all knew this would happen. I miss enjoying my job 
at work. hung over 
right, finished work (or think i have). bed soon, another early start for me 
@christycarritt Wish it was that easy ! I have to be at work 
@xxlusivekidd i want it too but it wont work on my computer 
hangover  broke. work five to 930.
come visit me at work! 
@soveryunique dude what happened?  I hope everything works out.
just home from work. started at half 11. nackered. 
I just want to sleep... but I need to get some work out of the way 
@Marcftsk working 
@SathyaBhat flash doesnt work 
@aDeSe  coming soon ... hectic work load.
finally done w/ yard work. i hate it soooooooo much!  but its done...for now....;)
@ work  and sick     sick at work   
ended up having to do some work to get a new website up. and i was going to go biking 
feels sick and now has to get ready for work. 
Lol  maybe just maybe but i doubt it im at work outside   feel bad for me 
My parents forgot to pick me up from work 
I just smashed my finger at work &amp; it won't stop bleeding 
is wondering when he will actually get to work on his psychology work. 
sliced my finger at work  damn sharp objects
@MelissaM20 Booyyaaa!!! I got sunburn!!  too bad i'm still at work 
stuck at work 
@bluesparks42 I yelled because I had to do all of first shifts work while the only cashier. 
@TheCinera do you know when it goes online? i'll be at work til like 930 so i'm going to miss it. 
Just finished work. wanted to buy a shirt at work but a fellow employee took the last x-small. i was not impressed. 
Home from work! Now I have to study for finals  
@GabrielleWhite I'm anxious to put the rest up but I have to wait until they drop  .Where can I hear your work?
ahh tmm is work lunch work.  cut 3 inches off my hair 
Stressed doing school work 
@greggarbo the picture doesnt work 
Nappin' b4 round 2 of work 
I need a nap before work, it won't happen! 
just got home from work and going to lay down...i feel awful. 
@kujakupoet I was about to ask you how work went. Not wonderful, I take it? 
@zoesbagboutique I do, but I don't have any of my work available to put online right now as it's all in storage since we're moving soon 
@SarahENYC yard work, I can never tell what poison ivy actually is so I can't avoid it 
Is still @ work for housing....dying slowly. 
Still stuck at work...we're having issues  
home from work and my knees ache from standing!!  haha
Typing in spanish is rather troublesome. There are too many codes for accented letters...very tedious work 
@ work at the moment 
Getting ready for work... feeling a little sick 
Going to bed...so tired. work was torture. 
Wishing i was using the work computer.... mine is soooo slow! 
@DestinySports twitpic doesnt work with my phone 
Doesn't feel like doing house work 
@Wardere probably... hahah, that's actually not funny  I hope everything works out for you
At work in isolation 
@decryption If it wasn't a public holiday I'd be able to get some from work. 
@gazedd That for the suggestions - but neither option work overseas  I think we might have it sussed now 
don't want to be @ work, I have another cold 
 well hope everything work out for you man.
Doing work from home  (----Singing, I work for the land down under...
@adamgoswell tonight. And I'm at work from 1515. So from 2100 I can't go online at all 
Home work  x
At work, then starting to pack up the house. I can't believe it's almost over 
Going swimming later!  But work comes before play. 
work then uni then essay then work then uni then essay....i need a holday  x
at home.....unpacked case......p'ssing down and cold outside.... back in work tomoz.... YAY - (not !)   
@CWaterhouse The weather is great here but I am at work 
@chasmoore_opm At work 
I'm so tired, I'm going to lay on the couch in front of the t.v.....I still have work to do 
doing college work 
tierd  + so much work to do  ugh this stress !!
@jennybdesign @LogoGuppy not unless you choose to not show your work on the web 
boredd out buds! need a laugh haha! didnt work 
i want more sleep. work is being a drag queen. 
I wish i was goin to church instead of work! 
@goeschei I'm starting to get that feeling of dread you get before you leave for work.  
home work 
uni. home work 
@jordanknight ur links wont work 4 me 
is at work when she was suppose to be off visiting with the future inlaws 
english extra credit essay? nahhhh, work at 4 
A customer at work just asked me why I wear so much clothes? 
@andrewsayer At work, no cupcakes here  
stuck at work 
 at work... *tears*
Is it bad that I would rather be at work than at church? 
Just say @thatoneguyry coming into work but I can't go in because of outage. 
gutterd i never got a star at work 
recovering after falling over at work and cutting my hands 
just finished yard work.... 
At the office working, working, working, working.  
At the office working, working, working, working.  
All the scrubbing made me sore and i got a little behind in my work. 
work. then back home to the megabitch! 
work on project....i need a coffee.. 
at work on a 24hr shift and trying hard not to miss my family to much 
missing the pro tour coverage because of work 
y does my life only consist of work and no play 
@jryanking I wanna work at the white house 
@zacseif well how long r u in town? and i couldnt get off work so no 
I'm so in a need of an energy boost at work. I'm trying to do work, but I can't 
home from work, and will be going to bed soon since i have to get up early 
Why won't my internet work 
@tiffanyv03 work misses you. 
@3short i cant help it im so tired. work is exhausting. lol. 
ugh! i should have saved my work!!! i hate when computers break...oh well guess i have to start over...again 
is at work.  hassle i did not get to watch the game..
Is all by her lonesome at work 
working working and working 
needs a job  or at least more design work.
turn right wont work 
is so physically tired from work but having no trees will keep me up 
I hate when I get off work this late....no one to hang out with 
@JUSTINSKETCHIE stopppp  i was going 4real but i felt so tire after work!!!!
back to work, good to see that it all stays the same here, stability is good, wow do I have lots of work 
@ work with flu 
is at work on a public holiday 
Morning my fellow twitts..x.. just got into work... not in the best of moods.. hopefully that'll change 
sick and tired from work 
Wishes he had some work to do, 
sat at home waiting for my work computer to be returned.. 
argh my back is caning so bad! stupid drinks fridge at work lol 
on the bus 2 work, and totally hungover 
At office, had lunch... No work.. getting sleep 
Has no work to do :| and really cant be botheed with school 
@heytearcatcher count how many there are, work out how much it will cost. then dream of having that much money to be able to buy them all 
On the train heading to the beach... I mean work. 
ready for work...got to love radio only on the net 
back to the reality that is called work 
sleep/work, sleep/work....i hate exam 
waiting for my mum to pop back from work to take me the doctors, implant is getting taken out, dreading it so much! 
@chibialfa did the fatigon work?I might need some energy booster,since my flight arrives at midnite and I've to go 2 work 8hrs after that 
@JaimeLM Unfortunately my work HAS to be done. If I don't do it the clients don't get it 
I got to get ready for taking a shower and get ready for work. 
I am at work... and didn't have her driving lesson 
work  how i hate Mondays
at work, wondering how to get from one building to the next.....its raining and i have no umbrella 
@scottishsteveo At work, start at 2- finish at 10 
and i love going to watch him play in his band and i would miss that too if we didnt work out  @jensational1976
Getting ready for work. I hate Mondays.  
work with a sore throat 
@MasterAwesome how's your typing skills you can help with my backlog of work 
At work wishing i was at surge 
On the way 2 work 
Has just finished work, now getting ready for the gym 
@ the hospital getting tests done for work!  I hate shots!!!
Jonathans off back 2 work  !!
@timgabaree I need plan B that didnt work 
 poorly knee!! I've come home from work because it hurts.
::peers:: what's going on here? hmph....  leaving for work, L8r tweeples!
is getting stressed of not having any work, with eyes watching over him. 
All play and no work makes Frex a poor girl 
is at work.  One flag. 
in the process of dumbing down my resume in order to find work 
At work till 5... Not feeling very well, hopefully not getting the head cold, that my whole family has... 
@fatreg Even better. I would do it, but that page refresher site doesnt work @ work 
Wish I'd started writing this work package earlier 
I forgot my lunch for work. 
At work not exactly working...my poor clients 
I am off sick from work ... 
I hate it when I forget my work keys at home 
@dhersam she done some work in journalism as far as i know. i am more interested in police, but my family disagrees with the decision. 
I can't sleep and need to wake up early for work 
work 12-9   still waiting to here what i'm planning to do next fall
Waking up not wanting to go to a stupid med review class for work 
I'm so awake - silly evening shifts! And I have to be at work at 7 
No more sex &amp; violence in my work-related emails 
is so sleepy from work.....! Really needs a massage  x
Things are getting hectic at work 
Trying to sign into YahooMessengerWeb from work is a fail. Slightly upset. 
wow even tho I have been preparing for this move, I still didnt realize all it included when you own a home.....lots of work...still 
i dont want to do my homework    . . . work 3-10 then buffalo wild wings!!
@MelanieNugent awe I'm sorry your bored  work has been boring too!
is at work!  but hey at least i have company!!! loool!
@MarciaLee11 awww I'd rather be at work too. I'm on my way to do laundry 
@DavidArchie1290 i have school work too. 
At work with a bad headache... 
@zippitydlicious That's seriously lame  Not unexpected, though, there's often a shut up and work mentality.
@themudd: total boredom. in lab with work 
just got off work, wanted to go home and get in the pool.But I think it is going to rain. 
it's too nice outside to be inside working! 
I'm bored @ work...sleepy to!!! 
At work...feelign sick!  
so nearly finished my college work but i proper cbaaa 
At work feeling sick 
@work trying to stay awake 
Such a beautiful dayy, but stuck at work!   http://myloc.me/3W59
a little ill...hoping i dont die at work 
@DiiLee dun have time for gym ;r .. got work .. study and also a project  .. shaklaa bagoolohom esawooli .. ;p
is at work suffering from the i-tis 
I'm headin back 2 work ugh! 
has been asked to go into work on my holiday 
I have a headache from work 
is at work bored with not a soul in the place 
is being a big baby and wants to get off work 
Y all of a sudden it got boring at work. @mela1908 left me  no one to talk to literally!
I am sitting at work, unhappy about recent life changes! 
Still at work working a double so I know exactly how @breasy905 feels 
@TheThorHammer my cunning plan to combine work and lego screwed up! Not going now 
at work, cold and ronery. 
back home and back at work 
Bills suck, along with work and colds. 
On my way back from work. Another incredibly fail day at work. I may be lookin for a new job soon 
car got bashed at my work!! not happy 
getting ready for work  i need a new job
boo tummy ache right before work 
All work and no play.....sigh.  
@30SECONDSTOMARS your board that doesn't fucking work! 
So overwhelmed with work and school 
cleaning. bummed my surprise didnt work out 
@lifeisaishia @THEBLKJOKER @elledeepea Cannot get any work done 
At work hating life 
I feel nauseated...  blegh save me from work
@BAMboozledTiff aww i'm so sorry to hear that  i hope everything works out!
I need a good work out ... but too sick to leave the house 
home from work. and now im so tired 
we have  many many works 
no one came to visit me at work 
eating. sleep. work 9-12:30 
Out of work finally! my fingers are hurt.. 
need to get work done but to lazy.  need to get work done 
Trying to get up for work, but I failed again.  now I'll be late T.T (my boss doesn't care though)
chilling at work... it probably would have more fun if i would love my job 
Trying to sleep but thinking the stress from work is making it hard to sleep 
i should be doing psychology work. but homeostasis is boring and i keep getting distracted 
I left my book at work  GUTTED!
Where is everyone - at work and the phone is dead 
finished my piece of work but now have another one to do 
working, working but it is raining 
has bought  a new mobile and cant wait for it to get here! college work now tho  boo!
@edelr not bad working though 
@purplesolleile I know right. I was even angrier when I arrived late for work earlier. All because of traffic and bad weather. 
I am so bored.. just got home from work and cannot sleep 
I'm off to have dinner then going work  lol x
up and ready for work wish it was four already 
@heavensgame believe me I tried..apparently I'm important lol seriously how can I enjoy work knowing I'm missing #rugby 
Round 2 of catching up with work 
walked into work to find the new plate processor flooded all over the floor... 
right i am going to stop playing on here and do some work 
has the 3.30 munchies but still has work to do 
Waiting for the computer at work to load in my profile 
In managerial accounting... the first meeting = new assignment! wow, thanks a lot! now i have work to do 
back from vacation...not liking the daily grind at work again 
Doctors office b4 work 
@karenshandrow Your browser at work probably has a similar issue as did the one at home. 
Ridiculous traffic right now. Supposed 2 b at work at 630 n I'm barely passing Imperial. Not happy 
I just realized I might have lost my old works probably due to bad organization between two external hard disks 
Falling asleep now...just wish I wasn't stuck at work 
No chocolate in the work tuck shop. @imymulla is not doing his job 
ugh got called into work.  What a great surprise 
doing college work 
at work got sore mouth after having a tooth out 
This working out business....I'm so not good at it...sigh 
off to the magical land of work 
@erinf You're right down the street from me! Too bad I'm bogged down with work  I hope your wedding goes well!
just chillin at the library. getting ready for work... 
Getting off work early to go testify in a civil trial. Yay fun 
And the work grind continues 
going shopping before work.....I hate shopping but it has to be done 
about to do some yard work.  boring
work up with a horrible headache!  i think i need some food....
at work very bored.. suffocated by worries.. 
the sweet freedom of geting out of work! if only i didnt have to go home 
I wish I was getting up for water aerobics instead of work 
@artistaday well I guess it depends if it's taking you away from paid work. and let's face it google can afford to pay starving artists 
at work til 5  cookout by the pool later!
sooooo much work to do  cant be bothered, falling asleep nearly in lessons!
My back is killing me  I think work is making me crippled. I need a job that requires more standing than sitting!
I am absolutley shattered and have house work to do, grrrrrrr 
is working...   and yet the beach is only 3 miles away from where I sit... how can I possibly focus on work??
Just got some bad... make that terrible news at work.... 
is depressed from the amount of work that just pilled on 
@jamielynncrofts but i think you should quit work and come hang before and after the game 
@colormehungry don't worry girl...i'll be reminiscin work too. 
@VibrantThang awww mayunnnn bring me some! I'm right down the road but chained to my desk &amp; work 
@BillyTatu you got projects to do that have deadlines that have already passed therefore no at work scrabble for me 
I am sitting in the bathroom of my work cause I don't feel like working. I hate work. I could be doing other things. 
in from work and tired  ......a chinese for dinner and some tele should cure it
I don't feel good and im working 
@ work and i miss my son 
I making a mistake at work... especially an expensive one... 
@nicolalalalala no the feeling all work and no play and all that jazz 
I am so sick of the certifications that I have to take at work. 
Training to be an appraiser is hard work. I want a new job. 
@iamamro Never been. We tried hard to make the budget work but no go. 
Home from work early. Not feeling well 
Home sick from work. 
is sick, pissed off, tired, depressed... you know the works. 
@boysforpele32 it's kind of running...works sometimes and then it crashes 
I should be sleeping before work, but I can't turn my brain off  lol
Sitting here at work waiting for this visit  would like to go home and sleep off this sickness
I am at work and in a funk that i just cant shake 
came homw from work early.... sick 
@hangloon dunno where to go for exchange.  When do you end work? (: You applying for exchange?
all work and no play!  boo...  
bout to catch up on weeds. @reneekarae, you have work to do. 
Home from work I want another job I hate mine 
Just got home from work sooo tired 
Feeling ill, but there's work to do 
Just got told i wont be out of work till 11. I love this job. 
The excitement of getting off work early is severly impacted if u carpool and still have to wait for your ride to be off 
@markmiazga  I'm sorry to hear that. I hope all works out well
@angelcastaneda what? I need to document my tweets too? I do enuf of that at work! I wish I had a pencam. 
why am i not finishing school work 
I have the worst posture, I adjusted my work chair to make it better but it hurts 
how come i get sick when work gets harder??? NOT fair 
now I feel really bad, need more sleep, work in 1h 
ugh, the background i want isnt working 
At work   I also wana do a job that I enjoy....
done with work. now i cant fall asleep 
has received too many emails with attached work to do 
Development server crash @ work 
i've just got into work.. what's this weather all about? 
@headius you guys are doing good work, it just sucks to be off the clock while trying to operate with bleeding edge code 
home from work....and its cold 
Going work .... A hard ahead of me..... 
babysitting clients late at work is boring 
@ work. cant sleep 
@acullenatheart lucky you! I can't do that in my work. 
dealing with work politics 
@Anniexo at least you're not stuck at work taking calls. 
Has Just got back from work, the weather is quite depressing 
beat up with work 
is on the bus going into work 
loads of work at office 
I really wish I wasn't at work, I slept really badly and I have no energy!!! 
@demonchild6 Looking more and more unlikely for work related reasons....may have to bail 
work lesson  
FINALLY have some work, just got to get used to getting up early now 
@Torillas I'll be at work during the match 
@loweryc WoW site blocked at work 
@TACH1 I'll be @ work so I'll have to get the update when I get off to receive the update 
is at work wishing she was home in bed!! 
Too busy working to tweet. 
is back from her holiday...and back at work 
is wishing I was back on the beach instead of getting ready for work!  
Going to get my blood work done.. 
I hate doing all the work for meetings and then not going to them.. 
Finding it hard to get back on track after the marathon presentation work... 
The ground is too wet to sit outside again...   So I'm drinking my tea inside and starting work on my marketing plan.
I always hate Wednesdays, I don't get to talk with liane while at work! 
I'm so hungry and I don't have any food at work... 
no one my age works with me. and i have to do real work. welcome to my new job  so tireddd.
@marguuuh  group work?
back at work...still feeling sick... 
I really need friends,lol. I'm too lonely wen my babiis at work 
updating and mining my contact database.... grewling work 
Trying to stay awake at work 
at home, doing some paper work 
I hate that I have to wear my work clothes while I'm at school 
hey heyy! just got from work! i'm so sleepy &amp; tired and i have 2 do that report  that sucks. anywho, how's everyone doing? 
At work in the mall 
doing work for university 
I work in a dry county. No beer after work for me 
Off to real life work now 
Just woke up, hope i'm not late for work. So much for showering 
surprisingly relaxed considering I have a mountain of work to do 
at work nanswereing phones 
@HaylsK billy says he is downloading the update right now!!! Wish I wasn't at work! 
being sick and at work is not fun 
Getting ready for work ugh...my vacation is over 
doing my photography work 
When u want the house to be empty when u get back from work it just isn't 
needs to do some work 
So bored at work that I actually tried to play taptap but it just made me motion sick 
at work hoping to go on lunch soon very hungry and back is hurting 
bouta get of work..hungry &amp; tired! 
Apparently the work network is blocking tweetdeck? Wtf 
@Damnityell no fair. I'm at work and won't get to download it until after 5 
@clubG im stuck at work till nine 
the library.  so much busy work. . . .  
At work gay. 
I need to stop playing with my extensions and do some work. hahaa 
@cindyoyo I have been crawling into work for as long as I can make it. Sadly new employee did not work out 
Wishing work was crazy busy!! But it's not 
@dmc584 haha, I didn't do it. and why is work falling apart? 
Finally heading home from work so much for spin 
Wishing I was on my way home from work already.. 
@Kromag805 Goodstuff but I cant trust your links at work anymore 
Everyone in my team at work are either overseas or at a client site. I'm lonely 
@Jennifly get babydoll!! I would love to be there right now trust me.. I'm stick at work hungry overworked and tired  lol but have fun!!
toilets are blocked at work, I have to pee, badly 
@benjibeefus well thanks to you, we ran out of medallions at work 
just finished some more designs.... a long day at the computer  but good work good work.....
I have totally been slacking on my work notes  I hope I don't get into trouble!!!
@jasonhooha Going back to sleep is such a great idea, unfortunately I'm already at work notebook-less 
This is so pointless to be at work right now! Its so slow...I could be doing a million other things! 
@Hockeyvampiress  She came home from work early with a migraine. 
I'm stuck at work, alone-- doing paperwork.   I'm hungry.
so restless to do any work. all the heavy revision is tiring me out 
Why does 3.0 get released while I'm stuck at work?   Should of brought my laptop in.
@HeathersNotBSC idk if i can get off work  just might not get any full service....depressing
just finished some work from home. I'm exhausted and heading to bed. 
@262RUNR I am so busy... w/ a new location change @ work so can't tweet as much as I used 2  But so happy 2 be working.  How R U?
finished school work for now....sad that @souljaboytellem is not coming to miami 
just back from lunch @ Mission: http://www.missionbar.com.au/, finding it hard to get back into work 
i hate being at work this late... even if steveb buys me dinner 
Huuuuuuuhhh I so left my wallet @ work in my desk  and I called myself tryin to go out 2nite but w/o a license 
@munke_fresh http://twitpic.com/7osey - OMGRAND! I left my lock and key at work  LOL! where did u find it?
@CassidyWalker91 how did you do on it? i bombed mine plus i had no work to show 
...and my work email 
I do not think it is a good sign when I stay up so late working that I start to get blurry vision.... 
@lwmedium ick...blood work disturbs me slightly  i bruise easily!
@revolution1984   oooohhh.. my speakers dont work!! 
Is taking work home with him! 
Just got to my parents house now its off to bed since I have to wake up so dang early for work uuuhhh 
has thee biggest hangover and is just about to leave for work! 
is sick and devastated she cant do her shifts at work! sooo  broke need money 
is sat bored at college waiting for work 2 b given back, boring 
Working alone.  Missing having work colleagues 
is at the work house early and will probably leave late. 
Is @ work and not enjoying it!! Uugghh heaven I need a hug  http://myloc.me/4gGu
I can't dig any will power here to finish my work. 
At least you don't have to be awake to get ready for work right now 
back in home. have a function and lots of work 
My brains are about to exploooode....  @ work...
Just had my cancer jab its making me sleepy &amp; i have work l8r 
Off work with sore back 
why is work internet so slow! 
@MrBoutique  I will b stuck at work ...
at work...plotting construction documents...fighting a sore throat 
@Huls We have been running out of work lately 
Home work  
I hate having a dream about work and then having to wake up and go to work 
At dads house, yet he's not here! dad come back from work already. miss him 
soooooooo i think i might just take an energy shot  i feel so tired &amp; sleepy i cant control it, ugh how i hate work...
all work and no play... 
@MsPrettyWings21 honey...work work work...and a little play...but only a little.  how are you darling?  you didn't come to my bday party 
@lilandtedsmum Having problems... I don't have a passport  got to take my life  documents in with me... and I am stuck in work 
Buying presents is tiring work 
Is walking in my sleep at work 
out with my mom, then catching up on a ridiculous about of work 
I need to do work but can't concentrate  I officially hate the TV my parents watch
@decrescenzox0x, i'm on my lap top. what's the =( about?  i don't like frowning. i'm frowning now because work with parents is terrible 
my phone doesnt work 
@SalesDoc lucky 4 you, mine no work 
Doing college work how boring  
bout to get ready for work....i wish i could go to the fair! i can see it, i can smell it, i can hear it....but i can't be there 
@tyraslilsis for some reason the twitpic doesnt work...I've tried. 
trying to personalize my tweeter but it wont work 
@lovessunflowers No, at home before leaving to work. It's very sad, but I don't have internet access at work 
working on the computer at work 
@salandpepper As much as I want to...the site is blocked at work. 
here at work wanting so badly to go and go to bed. trust me...working at a daycare isn't the best job in the world. 
nooooooo...here comes a migraine...I hope I can make it home from work before it gets too bad.  
I'm at work all alone!  
Home from work sick 
Getting ready for another shift at work boooo!!  
@famous_burro I'm at work now 
People at work: I'm sorry i smell bad. It was hot outside. 
@XGeorgina17X i'm drowning in course work 
no surprises after work...  
ggrr...trying to find design work at entry level is impossible 
Going to be at work from 4:30 to 9:30  come see me!
I forgot my password   Dies this work?
getting ready 4 work in rooms 
Home from work...resting and aloe-ing myself up...I am friggen burnt 
Computer down @ work  
got off work early, because i don't feel well at all, my phone is soooo broken 
@terrylkennedy wish I could go, but swamped with work 
stuck at work till 5 
At work pretty hungry!  wish i can have me that sandwich right about now 
@OhAleks  that idea needs some work.
Its so late and cant sleep! I have 2 get up 4 work at 5  
My employee picks section at work just got dissed. 
having a hard time finding out how to make my program work. 
suffering from work loads.... 
at work with a major headache 
is at school, can't wait to go home, need sleep  but no, have to get ready for work bahh.
just got out of the shower... how depressing it is to shower before work 
Just got home from work..I'm a little tired 
just in from work. tired, hungry and missing him 
Just got home from work!  Nothing to eat! 
At work finishing this double shift 
can't change my profile I'm at work...  it's green in spirit though!
Only 20 mins of work left but it feels like an eternity 
@KaleoPastor haha... work at home (ie: freelance). I wish I weren't 
work, sleep, swim, work, run, nap, work, hw somewhere in there also 
@mrsnasirjones i have to finish this write up on some new products at work,  tking me so long i cannot concentrate urghh
Being all alone at work 
coming to the sad realization that my camera was probably stolen...and most likely at work. 
@RouBBoY ur not seeing me in scrabble or uno sorry fall back! n u got off work late  booooooo
@GoldSoul dammit i'm home trying to get work done 
Going home, work at 8.00a 
Home from work, tired and missing my husband 
tired of guest over the house... wants to sleep... has tooo much work to do ... 
all alone @ work 
@BritSystem i am so sorry! i hope that all works out soon. 
my savings are rapidly disappearing.  damn sickness and dodgy cars and no work.
@ninasplayground just my hub, but I never bother him w/ it cuz he gets little sleep as it is w/ work &amp; school fulltime  so I suffer LOL
@luketeo i got a position but it's only like: occasional contract work  so back to uni! doing 3d modelling next semester! 
Another  struggle to get out of bed for work 
pair at work  can somebody tell me how i get rich?! ;)
@PureApathy unfortunately so  left the house too early &amp; realised only when was at work... *sadness*
Just got home from work. Going to bed to get up and go back to work. 
my phone isnt work 
busy at work 
hates internet connection at the office..it makes my work double tasks! 
@Beangirl they will make me sleep and i have big piles of work to do 
aww  my webcam doesnt work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@CHWong damn it! I missed a sweet work email round 
Just got home from work. 
@MissHKS i wish, it means work for me tonight  bloody nursing!!!! lol!
at work. I need a new job 
Appreciating why event organisers/wedding planners charge so much  #ilt2009 prep on track but hard to stop it taking over all work 
I slept! Just wish I hadn't had to get up for work as I could actually sleep now 
@Virtchewus1 are you at work already? I'm afraid to show!! The water connectivity AHHH!! 
going to my work.. i love my life 
In trouble for being late for work  i got all red traffic lights!
@duckydynamo wish my mom heard of that rule...she like to do it before work, during work, after work, whenever she can  smdh
Off 2 work.    text
Ugh.......work......I hate nursing a hangover 
On a bus instead of work 
@urbanfly my sennheisers at work are screwed, only get sound in one ear 
Missing the sunshine because of work 
@CrackerCrumbie lucky. I finish work late tonight. 
@wachen @starkness @Mindzb ugh wish i were there instead of work 
stuck at work 
My eyes are poofy and I'm late for work 
I tried to make my pic go green but it didnt work right 
@devilgirl7734 I told her its not a good idea to put too much penis as some dlister post from work 
@_acey wow jealous wish i was going with you guys  stupid work!
Storm knocked out TV at work, lunch is ruined 
My window at work is leaking 
have 2 go 2 office 2morow 2.................. with a lot of work in pending  
Being dragged to a work fair for syep 
is worried her head might explode from the work she have to do for school.  It will be worth it in the long run.  
we have to wear our visors at work now. 
My iPhone is at home!  ... I am still at work. 
My only friend that makes me laugh at work is leaving  now I will be bored.
I need to not slough off any more work at school 
men y i got to b at work? 
is still at work, but I have to admit that the excitement is begin to wane! 
R u there right now ?! I'm at work till 7  come visit and we can hang after!
I really miss my kids from work 
@spudcheyne LOL well let me temper that w/ the fact that I'm usually always here (or wherever I travel to) for work 
just got a new tattoo , boutto go n get ready for work, vacation over 
just got a new tattoo , bout to go n get ready for work, vacation over 
@aamore I want to leave work early  *sniff*
Going to get a chiropractic massage right after work! I'm dying!!! 
my lunch is almost over already   off work at 5:30!
@sadieefacee Where are you? I went live at work lmao. I didn't get a missed call from you 
I wish i was at home work is slow and boring 
I woke up and works 
Trying to do my work but the printer just does not want to cooperate with me.. 
Is so not wanting to deal with a damn late work meeting @ my new office.. I guess I should go to see the results of my efforts. 
getting reafy for work and battling the sickness.. 
sneezing, ahhhhchoooo! oh, and wishing I was somewhere else with my baby, other than work 
sitting here with a cocktail and working on school work 
@rlsay lol I feel pretty good about myself. It's really too bad I can't get in heaven off of works 
Home from work I miss my kids already 
government paper work is so annoying. 
One of the customers at my moms work thought i was 14 years old 
@kjw444 awww well it's better than stuck at work like me 
massive headache! fucking new cleaner at work 
@marcxious at work meeting deadlines 
@dannysalazar Haha just barley...lol....I've been so busy working  
work is the last place i want to be right now. 
I am at work waiting for the auditor to leave 
I'm getting sick  I hate it and I'm at work.
I'm at work watching other people anjoy dinner  I'm starving!
*In all my lateness* I feel like ish and I'm tired but have work 2 do 
@clumsyclover Did it correct itself then?? Some have had to send theirs in for work 
@LarryRamos I just got home from work. 
At work  wish i could go out 
dog in the proposal...too adorable. work @ 8  but yay for new cameraa
Just woken up for work to find no bread 
really really sad, `cause my computer is in repair and i cant make some work now 
Ugh film didnt work, room service was awful and now I'm going to bed 
http://twitpic.com/7vogz stuck outside work, waiting for engineers 
why get_custom_valuses dont work? 
i think i will go eat and then get ready for work 
Its so early and am in work already  Going home to sleep and then decide if i should go out tonight or not!!
Home from work....getting back to doing these majors...another all nighter is ahead of me...so exhausted but all will be over with soon 
home work 
in work shattered!! working on a sat sucks 
...just got home from work. 
just got home from work... 
 bad mood. work soon. 9 hour shift wtf. sometimes i wish i had an another job.
work sucked and after washing dishes for over an hour I have a fat blister and it hurts  work wasn't bad we just got our butts kicked
yard sale 4 work 
in work.  left C behind with no babysitter 
Aww my baby is busy at work  i miss him &lt;3
i came back from work &amp; I feel very tired  i want the nearest pillow 2 sleeeeeeep 
relaxing at home.....got lots of work to do 
at work. i need food 
at work  but i have internet connection so i'll survive.
should really start her maths home work. 
annoyed at my cheek! you know when you bite it on the side, and then you just keep biting it! it happened to me at work. 
http://twitpic.com/7w7n5 - At work again on a sat  at least it's gloomy outside ;)
needs specialty batteries to continue his work... 
i always smell like restaurants after i finish work 
work with the worst pharmacist in the world 
Still cant sleep, but have to be at work at 1530 
Hve fun. I am @ work.  ----------  mraya1976: heading out with the family.
is finally home from work after being abused on the train  :'(
@RockabillyTees ugh, alarm didn't go off, therefore I overslept. I hate being ate 2 work.   how about youself?
Another sat at work 
applejacks! thennn work  then show
is pale, sick, and too tired for work 
work is cooking bacon and it smells so friggin good! i'm so hungry 
just wants to have a movie marathon, but is at work 
@besskretsinger  I'm soooooorrryyyyy. I hope everything works out. #besscartotalled
threw up at work. feeling extra sick. 
i hate being groundeddd  work at 6 come visit!
early morning work meeting  we don't even open till 12
@christopherlamb i'm sorry! i was at work so late and i was drenched in sweat. 
work til close. uggghh 
i hate work! feet have never been this bad 
off work, went jetskiing, doing this then reading then work again 
@Uknomee I'll have to check it out...especially since I'm super bored at work with no patients in sight 
@vivalajaime way to come in when I have work 
@gollyjess I'm at work.  We'll bike ride soon.
can't stop listening to phantom planet.. I want them to come back  but on another note, I hate work.
Eating lunch finally then doing work 
@racheltrue wish i could see but twitpic is blocked @ work 
got a scratch from work and it's really itchy 
At work...kids in bed, now what?? I'm bored already 
off to pack a bag... then to work to shower for work 
Finally leaving work!!! i havent been home since 6:30am 
Walking back from work almost crying - moths keep flying about me 
@GoDJewels @theboyillinois I wanted to go to the parade but I'm at work... 
Eating a massive burrito at work... I'm just soooo hungry 
home from work..going to bed early for work  all i do these days is work
so much for the black cherry.. it didnt work 
@Terrellbrw i been good. working  that's it...oh and trynna find a new job
I love him I love him I love him.. I kinda want to be over it. I don't think that that is how love works 
is @ home sick   i never thought i'd say this but i miss work 
I always try to go the extra mile at work, but my boss always finds me and brings me back  
got the yard mowed and going to go walk dog and then its a shower and maybe a little work on my project in the office - organization 
home from work, wondering what to do tonight... 
stuck at work 
Still at work  Arsed! feet are sore like!
At work bored and frustrated, I'm not making any money 
@davepeckens I totally would love to, but stupid work made me have to go in to do some employment thing 
@brneyedflgrl I was supposed to but I had commitments at work that I had to take care of.  
I absolutely hate working lately 
@jellismate dude ellismate I would love a deck AND to meet you!!!  but I'm slaving away at work at a hospital! 
at work now  crunchin numbers
Not sure how to cut a sorry figure to my neighbour who invited me for their marriage, but this f****g work did not allow me to attend 
I wish I had a good book. It's dead here at work.    
i'm  here at work with a bad migraine...              
I love when the power goes out at work. It kills my labor. 
@lilychung Ugh... you're telling me. Even student work positions are being cut. 
work was slow but surprisingly fun... at home supaaa stuffed 
doing my home work in economics again.. 
had much too much coffee at work and can't sleep 
home from work, and i got a headaaachhhee 
work, shopping, coursework  boo.
In work on-call, would rather be at the baptismal service though 
1 hour to go till I have to leave for work but I'm still half asleep and in bed!! 
getting ready for work, have frizen shoulder and its killing 
found one flatmate! just one left to get... work later. 
up early to get work done, but class site is down for maintenance 
Falling asleep at work 
work,sleeeep,moms, i miss you padreee 
is just about to get in the shower to clean up before work. 
@girlygeekdom aww what! I was stuck working late 
@wentzhol @xLakeEffectKid @xCarCrashHearts I feel lazy watching you 3 do all of this work 
@agioacchini  ill call u when i get out of work...
My feet are killing from work 
doing some coursework before work 
still doing his environmental systems work 
Just got an information from one of my friend that passwordstyle property doesnt work in a grid 
needs to start the yard work.  
Finally ready to get some work done. So much needs to be done, I don't even know where to start anymore... 
work and then home to woo. i wish he would be there 
tons of works to be done again 
@stayceebe o no. i 4got u had 2 work. i need ur phone 
developing work out blisters 
I've got the runs at work Fml 
wishes she was just doing work in the jlv rather than going to my placement 
I'm scared I'll be rubbish at work experience 
I need a break but here's too much work to do... 
Trying to wake up enough to go for a run before work. So drowsy 
Mission beach before work 2 to 11. They hate me 
Just home from my cardiac rehab. Now going to get ready for work. 
@curtistrichel Normally I would be all for work, but I'm just extremely tired for some reason 
reading 'through the glass' at work.... no real work for me to do 
back to works.. 
just got off work trying to commute to fulton co from gwinnett co but traffic is hell on 285   
At work. I'm bored, the only person I talk to is on a delivery 
Mondays+paperwork+over 50 work e-mails= 
@shannonlemonds OWWWW It wont work. 'My geographical location will not follow this offer' 
Not to far from getting off work and i have serious headache... 
@jeefy I hate you and your ability to play golf when I'm at work. 
@Tinascarlette betch come soon as u finish work as I'm in my own .... 
too much work to do.  why is my tutor never happy???
I'm burning up...our air conditioning at work is broken 
why won't twitter work on my phone? 
@tdro - I'm still at work, but it's really scary... if I managed to leave work on time I might have been on that red line train... 
Lot's of busy work keeping me away from my workstation and thus from listening to #HHRS. 
sitting around outside during my break at work 'cause me car is broken 
Wow, work can you be any more boring!  currently sitting in the pharmacy reading.
Wishing we had a lighter tone at work sometimes.   
I was so stupid, I took a little nap on the couch after work, Now I can`t sleep 
wow. If i hadn't left work early, I would've been on the train that crashed between my stops. Thats soo sad to the people who got hurt 
Wishing he could be sleeping at home but is stuck at work 
@BonBbyJess  I just got home from work too.
@carriejessica i want to play with tinker toys. but i'm a big boy now  maybe i should suggest it here at work!
had to leave work early to come home and sleep this bug away. 
's iphone has no reception in the cement box building at work.  it blows his co-worker can chat freely on her cell, while i have to work! 
I love my puppy...he gets so sad when I have to leave for work 
great- so much work and the boss is in one of those moods- looks like i wont be leaving early to go to the hospital 
 I hate summerschool! @santospattyy have fun at work even though you're getting off at 10? @iwho doooit! I'll visitt you my fobby friend!
@zdanimation Who killed my sunflower at work? It looked so sad, I almost buried it! 
@HeartBreakV awwww i need to just be getting off work so i can take a nap 
I arrivedto work covered in sweat. 
waiting for mom to get out of work, then going to a funeral 
@ the docter. I messed up my back at work. 
On the clock now, but no work to do 
home from work Early 
videos not loading at work 
@smashingmag because many clients have less than good taste... which means lower standards and poor work produced. 
@RWAneesa you goin to gag factor? i gota work 
at work bored out of my mindddddd... ready to get off  and its only 12.
It's to damn hot outside I don't want to leave work for the simple fact that I want to stay in the air...so sad 
the blackberryy's still on the fritts  it turns on but the buttons dont work...
work is awful... it's like 90 degrees and old peoples cars smell funny 
wow.. I didn't know it was nice out until I got out of work.. Now on my way to class 
@TREND_D yes hunny where u @ work? 
@drewseeley I tried, but got disconnected when I got a text   At least the anticipation made my work out go much faster!
in the process of paying for my previous laziness at work 
Molly isn't home from work yet. I fear she is gone forever. 
@hannahpoulton at least you were reaching for the sky!  We were at work 
@ksereci have fun at work!  hope it's not all that bad.
Why are there so many work emergencies??? I should be in the lab right now.  
Just missed a call in at work 
I hate going to sleep knowing I have to be up at 6 for work 
@DonnieWahlberg  I miss you guys...  got home from work and watching videos of the shows 
@Lower40Records I am jealous and still at work 
@iAmCWise working   how long you been out here?
@joefrancis I wish I could use clients at work, but I can't install anything 
you know work is spiraling out of control when it takes you ten minutes to locate a pen in the mess that was formerly your desk 
@BrianHarnois the email didnt work, it said undeliverable. 
can't fall asleep ... the gym may have to wait until after work 
@ahhamanda the 3g is on and off my at work... it sucks.  I hope the coverage gets better
I dropped my phone at work and i just realized that it has a big crack now 
At work hating life. 
work work work;* making that money. . but it's suckin up my summer  take me away.
is thinking that @kaytee mckibben should come home from work already ! 
is thinking that @kayteemckibben should hurry up and come home from work already! 
trying not to fall asleep at work 
Home from work in need of a full body massage .. 
@jesssicababesss its working but being reallllllllllllllllllllllllly slow  
@MarciSolano I'm sorry  I wish you lived closer too then we could get coffee after work or whatever ;)
i need food :| work soon, again. 
STILL not finished the work I need to do in order to pick my bike up 
Just got home from work. I win again. 
I guess i better start getting ready for work 
@GDGOfficial i just met you! you made fun of me bcuz i couldnt work my own camera  haha
Should probably get ready for work , request query to do 
Just now getting home from work, time for bed and then up early for work again...ugh 
@kg_creative apparently it didnt work 
Watch it halfway through then realized I had work 
@katerabbit Wish I could but in work now, got money to earn 
At the dentist. I didn't use to hate it, but as you get older you need more work 
Is back and ready for work but the tan has already started to fade 
Just picked my sister up from work.   she's always grumpz after work so I think next time I wont go.
Ugh hangover + work = 
Feeling a little blue too thinking about how much longer it would take me to get home from work. 
feeling sad and wishing i was at home instead of work  xx
bored at work  wants to go back to zante
@heawood wicked. so much of the work i've done on offender education has been so bleak: reoffending rates are still c. 60% 
s'pose i better start thinking about getting ready for work 
is at work with a cut toe 
watching bargain hunt..rushing to get ready for work.. 
7:30 and still sitting on bed not dressed for work... have to be at desk by 8 
home from work! yay!! so tired though 
not bad, not bad! work 8-5, hitching rides places 
canny be fucked with work 
Wishes she wasn't stuck at work till 6:30 and was out on the sunshine instead!!!  x
just joined, so new to this  just basically sittin around on the laptop, waiting for work lol 
@taylorpb23 have fun as I sit at work all alone! 
bout to start work!  I really need to do something with my life other than work!
wants to be out in the sunshiiiine not stuck insdide at work!! 
Not happy because I have to go work even with this rain. I wish I could stay home 
@juliefaerie can I get a dedication too?! 
just came back from jogging; i need a work-out partner. i felt so lonely 
At work.. I have a headache 
bored out of my tree at work 
Aaaaaaaa its tooooooooo hot at work  I'm melting !
Not in a great mood, mothers are sooo annoying! and i have to go work soon 
Getting ready for work...not liking working on a closed ward...makes me slightly paranoid... :S 
Just got out of work. At school now. Going back to work afterwards. 
work work work after 1 week less home 
!adium 1.4b7 does no longer work with !identica after the  !identica upgrade (at least not for me) 
buses keep driving past, they all work  not fair !
i am sick  and my mom is making me work. i just want to be curled up in bed.
home from work. . and off to run  again.
At work bored, need to get out of working in an office 
@timegirl4468 i do most of that at work... its a hard life 
I'm ready for lunch, why does work have to be so dead so often??!? 
work, work, work theo story of my life 
My vacation from work is almost over 
@assante I think he is at work. but his laptop is not working right now 
It's so beautiful out and I'm stuck here at work with no windows 
making lunch in the apartment and going back for more work 
The train is travelling at a speed that will get me to the gym before work 
@JoyAndLife am doing well... just been hectic and busy with work and family 
I am at work.....going shopping soon 
@googeegoo that works  What would you like to do?
@michaelkwan It's not about working hard, it's about work smart 
@ichristian works for me 
@amylynnequist ah. i hear you. hope everything work outs. 
is amused that she gets to 'bully' her aunt at work!    
One of the (respectable, mother of 3)paralegals at work was asked by an elderly client if she was one of 'those working girls'!  classic 
work in progress 
starting to wonder if you guys with jobs prioritize tweeting over work 
is glad my work haven't cottoned on to this yet and banned it!  i hope i haven't spoken too soon!!!!
is working on work... and side projects 
ahh well im off doing my work. leave me song names please.   byeee
@christinak22 i'm at work so i'm *supposed* to be miserable.... right? 
@Mickeleh thank you for the encouragement. Now comes the work of keeping her in the box. 
@CarlaNix that works for me! 
powering down. in ways it was harder than I thought to get work done on the megabus...in others it was much easier 
At work now, facilitating an alcohol and drug group starting at 8:30am. I learn from them so much sometimes, I love my job  
Finally has her phone back And is currently at work 
back at work being a bad girl ...................... 
work 2 to close. come visit me! 
work? nahhhh. come visit me. 
Going to get donuts for work and coffeeee!! 
work glad to be makeing bank once again 
@ddlovato I'm stuck at work and was reassured by your post. I work at the library 
All work, no sleep.  http://rickdurand.com
right off to get some work done!! 
 *works works works works* etc
@jamescreese we have orange ones at work, 11 of them I think 
@jasonstatham1 you are so fabulous, I watch all your work, you have a true gift 
Too warm outside to be doing work indoors, doing it all on my trampoline 
but is better known on resresres.deviantart.com - would love some freelance work 
be able to organize my work and better focus on my dissertation.  I'll be back later. 
@mamasama Awww... don't be too critical. It's a work in progress. 
work, stealing food 
I just wont be super fast at work like I used too  !
Home from work. Making food and in the shower. Skills right there. 
has got now 72 blasting, loving some of the tracks!! keep up the good work 
I'm looking after my construction workers who are working outside 
@work ... getting back to business 
At work, waiting to go on a shoot 
/me rejoices in living only 15 minutes walk from work. No travel problems for me ever. 
@thornet you will improve your japanese? organizing parties? for work side I dunno 
@Boddingtons haha yeah probably!! i can use it at work and on my phone though 
At work.  cells good!
@LeftCoastGirl good morning to you, aim me when you're not busy working 
Still recovering from a hangover... but at work again 
@onehipmama There are *ways* to make these work trips fun..  
sunshiiiine muusic  what a feeelinggg..haha i need to do some work. peace
7:28am...it's already too hot out...it's not even summer yet...i love work, it's nice working in a refrigerator 
By the way, my work involves social networking marketing so I have to know how they all work and use them. 
@exaggerated Thanks. It needs some work, but I was too sick of looking at it to worry with it anymore. 
@BabyGrl4u1 I hope it all works out! 
Finally ready to leave work and get some much deserved shut eye 
@wirelessnetau no problems. dongle is with my work colleague, so i'll pop a note to do it tomorrow. 
15 was on fire, got home at 4am, i'm at work now, i'll sleep when i'm dead 
just got home from work, trying to wind down for sleeping 
why are corporate it always rubbish??? do they realise we are trying to get work done... well some of us are 
had a good work out and is now going to have breakfast on the balcony 
@TheDuffyAgency works! 
at work looking over live search maps 
@sassyback I finish work at around 5.15 so anytime after that.... depending where of course 
@jacquijs get some work done 
@piedabee works! 
@rocknrlr I was out picking my step-daughter up from work, but I'm back now 
have some work ..so i m in office 
@designjunction, works going really great, its like a nice change of mindsets and work process for me 
@JTSpurs hope you have managed to avoid a work hangover 
@RobPattinson_ loved your work in twilight 
Just got back home from work.. So i'm producing some new instrumentals.. boooyaaakaaa ! 
@gregnbaker we sell the lindauer at work, and it's on special offer at the moment too! 40% off when you buy 6 
listening to works for me right now 
@711blaze lol....well have fun at work 
@RealHughJackman great work there! couldn't imagine anyone else playing the role. 
Yeahh boii, got a 25 cent raise at work 
Looking for a good place to nap at work. 
I'm about to hula hoop while at work, because that is how I roll 
@xoJamieLynn the moldy wall. i'm doin my work!! 
sleep deprived and dreading work, but still smilin' 
Hopes this works 
home from work, thanks @elssisa for dropping me 
@HemalRadia It is good when you get to the point of work being play, can't all be about the money 
@nathalie88 I just added you to my watch list! :d I love your work 
All work &amp; no play makes....me credit card debt free!   
Hey peeps, just about to start work on some new designs 
@iiiccchhhaaa Yay thanks could not have done it without u  its a work in progress but it will get there &lt;3
Trying to do some illustrator work...and not the most creative ones! 
@christrent does that work for adults, too? 
Is doing some college work while listening to from them throught us to you 
@samanthai Did the stream work? 
Be careful not to confuse business with productive work 
Haha relaxing before work! 
@hottpinklove have to be! a lot of work work work for school!  are you having your ojt now?
@BobbiBillard very nice background, keep up the great work. 
is back at work, still sore after all the fire/rescue drills in full gear 
http://twitpic.com/4j7v4 - doing work on my screenplay in a dark subway..it's so peaceful 
@vileness I haven't been given any work yet. 
@allankent @andywalton oo, oo, I must compete... let me login to my work email to see if I can top that 
@amystow I know, but work is so boring. I prefer the @2oceansvibe take on life 
@sajal I meant you are not lazy, your work proves it 
I'm a good girl...ALL work is done 
Flat is sparkling clean, now that's team work  on way to pick up food for 6!
@bradleyspitzer that's called dedication! 
busy at work. will be back loves! 
About to clock into work 
Home from work 
Just getting home from work...finally 
Just finished with a little booty duty  that was a work out. Now I'm hungry. .
I just love it when  hot policemen come into my work 
Just got home from work and tired 
All ready for work... except my arm 
just gott home from work and now relaxing 
loving work after church 
is going for a run  before work! 
Wow at work and no manager has shown up to open lol do i get to go home! 
I am off work and headed to romeo's house  Yay
Some clients at work are just loved.  i should work graves. No employees then.
@spoonerist great to hear that it has all gone well ... good work 
@ludwikc I'm sure you don't download or distribute the music of hard-working artists. 
really need to get off the internet and do some more work. maybe eat more first 
@barneyc in which case keep up the good work. 
just got in from work. hitting the hay to harry 
is finally going to bed. just got home from work! 
@zeashanashraf you did a better job than i did when i tried. nice work 
i have a tonne of work to do, whoever said taking business was a good idea just know i'm not listening to you again  hahaha.
At work.. But sitting in the front desk! 
got off work early  the power went out!
@mulesrule ..ok!... I kno you're stuck @work right now. C u later, don't be late! 
If anyone is up late looking for work at home jobs...and are open minded  visit: http://www.AdultCamJobs.com
Off work early  .. And i mean that in more ways than ahead of schedule... Its 3 AM!
@zincous It's still in the works... I promise 
is this working for you? I hope so 
@Icklesal Ah well, not by origin. I just live and work here 
starting work on a new project - i love making actual use of my idea file  http://is.gd/AGy8
@denisequintana there you go work hard then play ,,haven't been there ,,in my plans though 
@chrisaylen sod it... i'd only have to get up ridiculously early for work, tell your beloved she can carry on  lol
back from work, my hands are stinging off out for dinner 
done with work! 
@Omgkatie okkkaayy, I'll have a break from work and make it when i am talking to you 
I am on my work break 
@hchybinski - ears that work would be better 
@RealHughJackman hey i just wanted to congratulate you for amazing work in X-men ... you rock 
Just seen my girl at work at work ,and I want to treat like lolly pop and see how many lics it take to get to the center 
is doing some work so when I get into the office 2marz things will flow smoothly! 
This work out im doin is feelin great now movin on to the weights  almost twelve 
life is good when you take a break and are immediately cuddled by a cat  I can't get this at work 
@peopleequal Thanks, have fun at work 
a big thank you to: @officialTial, @MalcolmMillion, @iamB2 for all their hard work and allowing me to be apart of what they do!! 
just had a great work out  and shower feel so refreshed 
@KimSchulze i hate you..... i have work to do.... bring on dec...... no actually..... short term investment... bring on wed 
Loving my new place at work 
@bronwen sweet  on a totally different subject, you and @01000101 make a cracking team. Surely there's projects in the works?
Finally home from work and school 
doing bio work  i love you steven
just finished work, heading home soon 
All play and no work 
leaving work, homeward bound 
@CyberCzar too busy in work to even laugh at Fergies lesbian tendencies 
@CraneFactory I admire your dedication 
@frozenblueeyes ha I love those updates, keep up the good work. It's lunchtime for me and I am bloody starving. 
@lilyroseallen 'not fair' plays at my work place. They only censor  'head', 'wet patch' remains! A small victory for you! 
work is done, off for a beer 
Totally overslept, but hey, new dream theater to accompany me at work! 
T, work, eat, work, sleep, do it again. Living the dream. 
@ultrazen I need to head to the office. I don't know if I can Twitter at work but I will find out soon enough 
@michaelramm i like classical at work... coworkers not so fond but they tolerate me 
just getting caught up on work 
is starting work experience later, going to be sooo much fun 
Sitting at work wishing I was at home 
@alburgess Now THAT'S dedication!!! 
@jlopezDR work, teach go to the airport 
cleaning car and packing before work 
@LichfieldBlog from personal experience early morning (before work) and early evening 
@jordanknight I will start saving, I missed this cruise, I really hope all works out so I can take the next one. 
This worn out feeling is why I don't like yard work.  It's also why I need to start going to the Y again 
at work thinking usability 
not at work but working head off.. 
just had breakfast outsise at a cafe just after my swim, all before work 
Almost finnished work  working from home is fun, but very distracting! :O
got home from work about 12 30 and now layin in bed 
YAY, tweetdeck works now! 
busy busy busy filling forms and doing some office work 
@iamgarth hey garth, nice works. 
@ElodieMoreels tonight I'm going to play bowling with my work colleagues. And some sweet leasure and do--almost-nothing 
I thought work was bad for health? 
@lisle that's why you are coming to visit me at work and have some tea.  x u got the directions alr? know how to come alr?
'you can do the work on the board or free lesson' lmaoo, teachers are dumbb! 
work! child art evaluation time~ 
Getting ready for work still on a #pens victory high  http://myloc.me/1nE4
watching the hills seaon 2  work later on 
@Pheliziph cleaning can be a good work out, you know? 
Is pretty much bored of being at home now and nearly done my work 
@jondoeclsm not while i'm sat reading it at work though.. 
Getting ready for work. Them shopping with my mom when i get off. 
@aussieboby no working tomoz 
In work,going into some technical training 
Off to get some work done...Be back later 
@wazup4422  Just at work bored lol, but finish soon so i can go to pub 
@AncillaTilia on the contrary it is soooo suitable for work 
@indiespotting you should be setting up your playlists for work on it 
Has finished course-work, just exams to go! 
Leaving work early..like...right now early. 
work, gym, out! tgif 
@shannondaigle Could be a new look for me. I'll do some photoshop work and see what it looks like. 
watching the view at work  i love that show!
Off work finalllyyyyy  text me
got some work done 
@RachelStarrxxx im not a brazzers member but you sure do great work. 
watching garden state again before work 
@jennsbookshelf It's nice to be appreciated for your hard work and even better when the interest comes from the person you love 
At work... having a blast  i know right
@Jaykul use what works 
Home from work, went better than i thought. 
is off work and really wants buffalo wild wings 
Headed home from work... So tired!! 
queen of flow charts harrrd at work 
Already at work and finished the first task 
@joannayoung @alexfayle did a talk  a while back about work/life balance that you might like: http://is.gd/IQZH 
@Damevegas am alive   but at work   finish at 1300   sun is out 
at workplace..lot of work to do 
@seanwyngaard do some work client service... 
going to home....from work...without doing any work 
