Most common words for this cluster:
[('work', 1154), ('ta', 247), ('im', 243), ('get', 223), ('day', 221), ('na', 215), ('tomorrow', 203), ('home', 197), ('u', 188), ('done', 151), ('today', 147), ('lol', 144)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'samantharonson_@', 0.7489690184593201), (u'Cassell_chirped', 0.7371410727500916), (u'SERENA_WILLIAMS_Well', 0.7257770895957947), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.7198306918144226), (u'MARIA_SHARAPOVA_Uhm', 0.7179173231124878), (u'Tonight_Vanish', 0.7171584963798523), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.7157366275787354), (u'E_mail_heyjen@phillynews.com', 0.7137548327445984), (u'NOVAK_DJOKOVIC_Yeah', 0.7129715085029602), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.7121702432632446)]





gotta repeat  whole art folio cuz old one with a whole terms work got wet 
I'm off to bed... way to late... will likely be a sac a shit at work tomorrow.  
am trying to fit all my stuff in a tiny bag so i can take it on as hand luggage. dont think its gonna work 
@krist0ph3r thats damn sad   hope things will be fine after gud lunch...
fucken a man lol. tiring night at work. hope to get this job! for got bout the hills  dang nabbit lol.. 
feels sick and needs foood. i cant find my camera anywhere!  last night was good. lindsay's house is pretty ruined eek.
Last day of work before I go on holiday... argh... got fuck loads to do 
@orangeflowers me too, its scary not the clutter but the unclean  pain keeps me awake lately, but shld start subsiding in a wk or so
@ZoeAimee I'm trying to research some dude for my english assignment that is due tomorrow, and my internet keeps freezing and won't load 
just violated the tuners rule.. dont buy non-performance parts. sorry.  ima buy the air filters next time..
gets to speak to my boyfriend til about 3! so happy! but then cant speak to him til may! that may hurt a little!! 
cant be bothered 2 get out of bed 2day - feelin ultra lazy!  i miss josh 
@bradiewebbstack aww porr mr sock  he just wants a shower  get my invite? hope u can come along  xx
@Rach_McCoyle : wicked, ill ring you after work &amp; we can arrange, i miss my best buddie  oh yes W&amp;C's all the way &lt;3
1 hr left of work...then spending the rest of the day with my sick lil girl 
@nickycole30 i feel ya nicky-cole i feel sick as hell and this week has just not been going my way.   either way cant wait to share a ...
work til 5. quick dinner. class til 9. I haaate tuesdays 
OK... Gotta find some friends or something it's shameful giving updates to myself... 
coffee keeps me going..... oh god work again tomorrowm  good ol maccas
I tried to get off work so I could buy bread and milk since it was snowing but my boss wont let me 
@mattedge To be honest im leaning more towards the 650 at the moment. I just dont need that massive pulling power, nor that price tag 
oh no morning.!! suppose i better get ready for work   
goodnight all...workin late tomorrow then movin the next four days!! so blessed to have amazing people in my life...missin my sweets 
fuck I'm ready for bed. still at work though then like a 25 min ride home 
work 9-2 then my cousins wedding, by myself  then i really dont know :/ blah.
@shwS make your Internets work please... I finally have a decent connection and haven't talked to you in a week   Also, nice article
havent been on here for a while......my nan diedd yesterday  just thought id let everyone know....ill be back soon x
Just smsed sony darling..she was bit mood out tried to liven her up..couldnt do so..tried being silly,by sending some jokes,,dint work! 
ok this isn't funny how come I get one answer in the quiz then my comp starts playing up does it think it's funny?????? cause it's not 
@TimP103 Awwww...   come on... I have less than an acre and a push mower... uhm... it takes 45 min front and back...
trying to kill time. everyone went to fiesta so im stuck at home til tonight. going to jon michaels appt. gah im so hungry 
tryin to stay awake for the dallas game but its looking impossible.... 4 am start  guess ill be catchin the recap
bored as hell at work with no more internet   boooo
sonic didnt work out  there were like 12 million ppl standing outside waiting for shit. pick up stix was a faulty substitution
@mimibadass where do we go?? I know atl doesn't have first fridays!!  and we gotta get magic city the next trip..we leave sunday
ugh saturday night fail. maybe when matt gets out of that club we will do something after. maybe. i need to get outta this state of mind 
Tough love is serving as coffee cause I can't sleep without watching the end...I'm gonna be sooo tired @ church  gotta praise him anyhow!
eh, just ate perrogies.....talked about life with rob.... cant sleep... want to..... bored........... sadface........ 
My liver officially hates me...tonight was amazing, met some sweet people, laughed my ass off but chipped my freakin' tooth  work at 7am
Hanging out, feeling good. I just wish it would stop raining.  i'm done with this april showers crap.
@tarynoneill It's only 11 n I'm sooo temptd 2 get my grub on. But I got works ta do. So will just stay n try n concentrate on da writing. 
My drawer at work was 112 bucks short. They told me if they didn't figure it out tonight then I should expect the worse tomorrow 
@alycekeli they're only doing 2 shows in sydney  i've gotta bail on work to get to one on them, but wouldn't miss it for the world
@invisible21 Nothing.. Net wasnt working from last 3 days.. so couldnt come online 
is not very excited about uni 2morow... i didnt even manage 2 catch up over the holidays 
oh gosh :S school tomorrow. to-do list: french, english, study welsh, graphics...artbooks nowhere to be found. 
so the clown suits were a waste of money... but a good night anyway  except im fucking broke 
totally feeling like shit. hate the fact that i have to go back to school tomorrow  life just went downhill all over again.
my pc is disease   ..so i will follow u at work from tomorrow..bye dear!!!
@filipinowise I see. I have been quite busy myself with work, and on top of all I caught a bad ass cold this week so no studio yet 
Fighting my way through the email mountain and the stuff I need to get done before work tomorrow 
i cant believe theyd do that. thats five months of hard work and labour and no enjoyment whatsoever. all thrown away.  i need a hug!
gotta go.. dancing classes? wish I had a phone to tweet pics 
sitting studying for my exams  thts all life seems to be about at the moment BUT im finding my way to have sum fun inbetween ;)
@moogabee yeah i barely see my bestie! poor mum spent 6hrs cleaning 2day when i was @ work then i joined her  the woman does need a break
hooray for the lovely day! shame im probably spending it all inside doing work. 
want to see britney this summer but didnt get tickets   she is my role model  http://www.bebo.com/xxBritneyJeanSpearsx
want to see britney this summer at o2  but didnt get tickets   she is my role model  http://www.bebo.com/xxBritneyJeanSpearsx
jus gettin up feelin dizzy from yesterdays dunkin donuts! watchin my baby get ready for work  i have to study anyway! this final is cooki
I seriously need to revise for admin tonight. Then I need to organise these boxes full of school shit. 
@dawniecahill things are alright, doing some more work today  sent you an emailll &lt;3 hope you're ok!!!
out to gram's for some yard work help -- then i gotta make a dent in this redic. paper 
gah...feels like i have something stuck in the back of my throat...its so sore!!!  best get on with the uni work i suppose.
while my pictures are loading im doin home work  english (my worst sybject )
@jackostain goood cuz I needz tha blessingz! ( I'm at work now) missing movie day with my babycuz 
On the grind.. 9-7 .. 38th &amp; 1st .. &amp;  slippin' in that making the band episode i missed.. about to cry at work 
@lamborghinibow how you doin? thinkin okayy in my mind lolz from that pain b4  take care and i hope that ur throat gets better... xx
tomorrow my holidays will end  :'( and school begins    oh thats so stupid
doin ma home work 
@ladygaga you are amazing! keep up the good work! wish I had tickets to see you in the ukay  have a safe flight xD
@iamdiddy lucky u @ a party!!!!  work here bleh
goin to bed nite nite...  ugggghh u hate work 
@mileycyrus  cheer up ..I have to spend another 2 weeks without my dad cause hes on a work thing
impacted wisdom tooth. 7 weeks until day surgery, even with priv health insurance, thats too long. cant take panadiene forte at work 
my boss at work is about to change. i hope the new boss is cool. this one was like a buffer from the shit in office. sad 
21 days to pull this shizz out of the bag! anyone got a top hat? more likely to pull ghandi outta it than pass these exams 
@jradc  cool i don't have work till 3 2day so it's good 2 get a lay in altho i did miss jeremy kyle this morning 
@stefankusovski lol yes i was supposed 2 b at work at like 4pm! long story though... basically my car sux and so does every1 else!!! 
@tomwaits doesnt work tom.... its a spam only site  ... try rapidshare
grr so annoyed... i have work in like... an hour and there is nothing to eat in my house!! sooo hungry  how annoying ....
At work  what is everybody doin' tonight??
hate having a sick roommate  dont mind taking care of him but i dont wanna catch it! neither of us have time. get better plz @monsieurfaz
@DirtyA @ work now &amp; after that chill at home watch tv, not feeling 2 welll 
gettin ready for work... got a craving for starbucks but there isnt one on the way... wtf... in ny theres one on every block... 
@calvin141170 that's not good  keep going back and seeing if they're alive yet
woop, one topic covered and done, sadly it was the most exciting one, nutrition next 
at home in my bed after a crazy busy night at work... sleep for a little bit then off to the other job... going to bed missin my hunny. 
played pokemon all weekend and ignored twitter. totally got all my gym badges. now i'm at work stuck doing contrax stuff... booooo flash 
2nd last week workin at the cafe  gotta get my coffee/food fix while I can!
@checks6x i dunno. and dude, we have a quiz tomorrow. he didn't have this put up before...cuz it wasn't on my calendar!!! 
really could do with washing my hair, but theres no hot water and no time! dry wont work, it has gel from yesterday in it 
its toooo hot!!!!  Now off to pick up my dad from work. Uhhg..
@HarbourSeal hey there, nice meeting u at #homegame. back in work recovering now feeling like its a long long time till the nxt one 
@cassiewho like, nothing. work. funerals. bf. hanging out. it's so boring and shit ahaha. i remember the days when i used to be cool 
@CHRISDJMOYLES Is it true u wont b doin the R1 morning slot anymore? This information makes me sad 
i hate mornings  pls just shoot me
@rennexx I'm watching old episodes! hahaha .. the new one doesnt come out here till tomorrow! sucks i know! 
very very bad news...i ve lost my buttersheets, wic means i ve lost all tht i ve done is design this semester 
managed an interview in the mornin and thought ath my work for the day is over... and now my boss wants a story our of it... 
@kirstysmac I'm going to have to do one, hot loads of wee silly jobs not getting done 
missed the pinging  oh well, super happy fun time at work
@pinkielarue its back but not fixed  BUT its not my motherboard.... i just gotta find a way to fix my screen 
@LucyFurLeaps agree about breast feeding - got to be the way to go if poss for those with possible eczema: but not full answer, fo course 
going to say bye to my best work friend, jenna. she is moving to florida on thursday 
I need a shower, 'cept theres a delivery coming and i know that'll come the moment i get int he shower 
im angry.  cant wait for things to go my way
@Jjpipeemz N e waaaaay. I'm go n 2 sleep. I gotta work @ that cencentration camp 2 morrow. Crak ah dawn 
all scott has done today is work.  he got called the moment he walked in the door. sigh.  poor guy.  
freaking out!!!! pray for my grandma  let her be okay I love my vavo &lt;3: freaking out!!!! pray for my grand.. http://bit.ly/gHMhB
@nathanguyen yeah wont forget. man, nate. my girls night drunk ended early  im bored. come chill with me and mocha.
@LadyDenDen getting ready for my wife! then watching my sis graduate tomorrow! pls no rain! waking up at the crack of dawn  boo
ughh so tired. and i slept a shit load today. what is wrong with me! i just want my headache to go away and my fever go away 
american pie was gooood. relay was dead...going to spend the night with davey...i hope you won 
im so tired working from 4.30-12 isnt fun!! whyy do i get shit working hours!! and cant enjoy my money! havent been paid for 3 months! 
darnit! tickets sold out. guess I'll just have to watch it at home  [bulls/suktics game tonight!!!! go bulls!]
NOT in the mood for work this morning! wana see my boyfriend!! 
i forgot prison break was on friday nights and i missed it. and it's not online yet  fuck man!! how could i forget? it's my fav. show
@cArtPhotography nope still all messed up   @couldbestudios is going to try to fix it this weekend, thank goodness...!
@CruciFire and wot are the other reasons I'm being spoken bt for *wiggling eyebrows*  thng is, lots of work at hme = les online time 
guess I'll try to take a power nap before everyone gets up  then back to business. see ya soon
I always try to be the best dj that I can be but it doesn't matter cuz I always go home sad and alone  time for a new job
gonna have a hard day of uni work b4 goin 2 work.... and working some more 
real cba to go work right now  , wanna hang out drink orange juice in the sun x
How NOT to get out of jury duty http://tinyurl.com/ddr34b woulnd't want him on my jury anyway! 
At work the day is gonna suck cause it's prom so that means updos  saddness
going to sleep gotta get up early and watch the richmond race tonight, but of course work is going to keep me from watching the end of it 
today is a walk around the mall day but dont buy anything cuz i dont have any money. i cant do that thought ive got work 
going to the clean up.....see ya in 8 hours!!!! 
I'm tryin so hard 2 finish charting on my patients &amp; complete my expense reports but I don't wanna. I shouldve done this shit yesterday 
mushroom hunting w/ the family in zanesfield alllll day. blah i would rather stay here and work on stuff but i promised my dad i would go 
had a short look on the SIGInt 09 schedule (http://ow.ly/4OYa): too much social stuff, almost no technical sessions ... 
@kitcat72 I'm good finishing work, have laundry to today and pick up gf lateron, workin sun 
spongebob is kind of gross sometimes. i'm too lazy to get ready for work  i'd go back to sleep if my cousin didn't steal my bed.
Anywho... goodmorning tweeties* ..I have a mild hangover right now, lol &amp; im really trying 2 get off work 2day 
@erynsays omg heart pulpitationssssssss scary I hate these nigh night lol I wrote my story of what happened at work im like traumatised 
mate bought another dress so now we have a dilemma. mexican party in work tonight - hoping I don't get piggy flu 
looks like its just me and marcy tonight...hil is comin for a bit after work but she cant stay 
@fjohnso i cant make it to the nati tonight babe got hella stuff to do plus i have work in the morn 
@billie_bex hey havent seen you in ages! we original 105 girls must catch up sometime?life was fun back then, now its all stupid uni work 
hmm..my best friend just left my house..gosh i miss her! haha about to go get yelled at  so much fun! NOT!!
aww man just saw ep 5 of skins fckin sid! he just needed to open his eyes.  ugh i wish we could use the net at work. anyways. im out
@GreyAreaUK  yeah and my plans for next week appearing to be going down the drain so someone please shoot me. 
downtown not happening  freakin economy! oh well.. i guess I'll break out the chips and dip and watch some movie from the 80's all alone.
My cat is being a spaz, which isn't all that out of character for her. I've got to get to bed soon, cause I've got work tomorrow. 
@fitsme2 humidifier, check. sleepy pills, check. vaporrub, check. sheep? maybe.... but nothing works when i am this congested 
My feet hurt I'm tired beast is piling I just got home, gettin in bed and got to be back at work in less then 7 hours, man I love my job 
sat night live with k.clark. Didnt get to drink tonight   Although im sure my liver is happy for the break
fucking hate being back at school. i need a cig and a root  and dont get either till end of the week  fuck this fuck that :'(
ok 50% done w/one project about 75% done on the other project. my head hurts. i'll go to sleep for about 4 hours. then tmrw hmwrk again 
@PrateekBhargava heh.. if only.. i'm looking after the electrician that's at my place.. Lots of work to be done! So no party 
@YourMrBumbles aw thanks all is ok-been busy at work-working 2 nights &amp; 5 days at mo  body trying 2 adjust LOL...cider been neglected 2!!
goooood morning guys.  i'm fucking tired but i have to do lots of work today   fuckin shite &lt;/3
is going home today  really dont want to.i love york!!but hey gotta earn a living..when to suprise my boyfriend with a hangover??hmmm
ok...hopeless even to bother and seek help,please someone tell me, in my lifeit's really a jail,,,anywhere but home 
going to bed soon, as i have a 5:30 wake up call  stupid homework then school. oh well guess you gotta work hard to get good grades ;)
managed to put down breaking dawn on the 4th try. nealry finished. java wont work on my firefox and its upsetting me  need food
last night was another big let down im sick of getting my god damn hopes up for nothing 
@callierenee its like 6 am. wtf? lowkey night my ass. hope work doesnt suck too much  love youuu!!! &lt;3
@blackbirdcorner typewriter action is limited on my front  I did find a sewing machine today in hard rubbish collection tho
@tommcfly thatss nice  but why you guys dont come in canada for tour?? id love to see you in a show! but i cant 
if I cld jus yack right now I wld feel so much better! ughhh goin 2 work feeln like shit 
Ah another day of work done. I'm really gonna miss james and ryan 
feel like crying cant do my homework coz sum1 nicked all my books and notes and my teacher will kill me on tuesdaii 
@xoangelbabiixo its getting better actually...i cnt believe we got tht religion report...were gettin so much work 
my mom took home my school stuff and hw when i went out friday. its still in her car and she wont be home for hours. fuck my fucking life 
Wow lazy day, church, computer, tv. Now i have to finish my stupid painting and read the rest of act two of romeo and juliet! 
kk everyone i gotta go take a shower and get ready for bed...school tomorrow  nite everyone!!
my feet hurt from work  i might work on that paper just so @JordanFDe wont scold me.
just got home ehh im almost done with my shake 
it's 4am and I can't get to sleep  not good when I gotta be on top of my game later (revision wise!) :'( anybody have a sleeping remedy?!
@joeymcintyre IT SUCKS!!! i can't go n i can't even watch it on tv cuz i have 2 work. i'm very upset!!! 
had a nice dinner with tom and the twins then out for cold stone. now to bed, work tomorrow while the kids sleep in 
is dog tired - thought weekends were regrouping times, but no rest means no recuperation - something's gotta f'in give 
I hateee back to work on mondays after awesome weekends  but I gotta finish my project at the office 
@cunderwo because it is an accomplishment. after the 100th one, the rest go like cake. and idk if i can do it, i'm so frustrated 
ok I must go to bed...work in the morning...   There are 2 new blog posts up tonight (yes I took some time to write again).
And for reals tomo is dedicated to hw. I need a chiropractor asap.  and i hate that my stupid buttons dont work anymore.
Someone stole all of my good shorts from the laundry room today and im just now noticing...this sucks big time 
@CherubNkotb sorry my darn comp is messed up ..browser is too old and i can't see our new private home...  ill talk to everyone 2morrow
@jenniferrr_gee we haven't had it yet  he's 'talking to me sometime this week when he gets a break' whatever the hell that means xD
doesnt feel like i have school tomorrow. rehearsal was aweful. had a bunch of fun at laurens party! misses seeing anna&amp;amanda  ilovethem!
man im super duper full! i want my senior year body back  maybe even better than that.. im gona work for it! scouts honor!
feels bad for poor jacob kitty who we had to leave at the vet tonight for surgery... 
Up and ready for work  sad times mmm toast http://twitpic.com/4j8hc
@AirKarinaBx23 O M G; he is one cute thang ^__^. He looks like you lol. Things are ok on my end. Trynna get a new car&amp;job. I miss reggie 
@Spitphyre ohhhh  the book's sitting here on my desk at work.. am so tempted to shut off the system and read! 
wow. its monday again! but no school =\ couldnt force myself to have a lie in either  good morning all! x
day 80958547 lol still in need of a back massage and i keep on beliving these oh i will give u a masage ass females who lie  goodnite yall
The only problem i have with yoga is that you feel really weak when you stop for a few days cos of work   I wanna yoga and be energized!
@tweetieelovee Actually I wanted to be on my way to work right now.. gotta go an take a shower really quick and then leeeeave! 
@ladybug8320 have a shit load of washin to do cos my uniform is in the middle of it somewhere and its back to work tomorrow 
@georginagem haha yeah but my work are tight asses.. i cant believe this isnt banned! give it a couple of weeks lol 
writing my class assembly yuck - seriously I know they are good for kids but just so much extra work (this is number 2 btw) 
still looking for a job, cant find  last week of chances or I can leave my sweet little house.... help!
@vickymoontree im good thanks i dunno y thats happened , how was work?, things are ok, bit boring the sun has ruined all my plans 
Just realized she doesn't get to go to any of the revival bc of a dang scholarship thing &amp;&amp; work. 
@jasonfreeze she kept attacking paddy :'( like padyy wouldnt eat or anything wouldnt leave my room, was sending the puppy crazy 
wtching my parents packing their stuff.. see, ds is what makes me so sad nd miserable 4 having summer classes. 
procrastinating a lot, dis wud turn into a disaster nd I know it! 
spend a damn hour with whole damn panic.. damn! 
@Juliecupcake dont think the uni thought of ur depression and period cycle when choosing dates for essay hand ins 
ok...I must go sadly...work, yes  the day is clowdy and I don't wanna get mud in my shoes on my way to work :S hoping 4 the sun to shine
dang im scared here at work that guy came and told us his son had the swine. we were in the same room.   :O
ugh i just wanna crawl back into bed  9 hours of work? fuck
@ms_woods ohhhnooo well youll  know in 24 hrs   think positive and wash your hands!
done with marking for now! yippee!! a lil short break for now!!! but more to come end of tis month. but when will the flu go away? 
@lovinmykids10 lol u so crazy I'm almost outta work I'll call u when I get home! I miss u punk its so quiet at the house! 
Everyone is doing something fun tonight, while I'm stuck at work until 8am, getting yelled at by angry sprint customers. Not cool. 
kinda sad.  he won't be going to an indians game after all next sat. cuz he has to be at work sunday at 6. 
i'm fighting the need 2 start on my meds again. this is a tuff one kids!  
ugh...i'm annoyed by my parents. ugh  won't let me do anything at all!!!! ugh. but i'm listenin to my new metro station cd!!  sooo good!
so frickin tired bout to pass out goodnight world see you at work tommorow 
@alpha_pua sadly NOT partying wins out yet again!  all work &amp; no play...dbl tomorrow! SaucerSunday!
@kevinlovesabby oh, its still school and im having another vacation, life's good.. haha, and gotta say i miss dancing and cheerleading 
no excuses  ive had 2 days off to rest my poorly shoulder, best go do some exercise, i think the word is harumph
worked today  cant wait to get a new job. yes @JustASong weekends are too short. its monday tomorrow. school is almost as shit as work.
sunday just drifting away...   cant get anything done...  
gettin my things ready to go to school tomorrow  cant be bothered lol and i still have to do my assignment that was due last monday lol =]
@GarveyBen im jealous of your being able to one not fall over and two afford the gym  well done tho!
at work. on my break. soooo tired and even moreso over these people. ugh! have to work 12 hrs tomorrow  id rather die
I fell this morning on my way 2 work while droppin my son off arm came outa socket   wat a way 2 start mothers day!
wishing i was in my new house, rather than the boring old one. oh, and if i'm dead tomorrow, it was the cats. they're ganging up on me! 
@jsmith189 nah I get tues/weds off usually. it sux cuz my friends work such different schedules.  what's ur favorite wknd stuff 2 do?
@priscx work's getting more tiring by the day. my legs and feet are hurting real bad now  i wont forget u la of course! haha
I'm gonna take a short nap.. I almost in giving out thumbs, which sucks big time coz I'm in a swarming mood.. 
gonna have a nice day wit moms today .. could get her anything  i need a job. i cant even pay for my own gas. my hair needs doing too.
i dont get it.. what is there to do at cawthorne park? have fun anyways, leaving me here on me own. again. 
@kpacek330 aw your lucky haha. we dont get much homework but the thing is we have essays alot   oh i need to do one the now actually haha.
@JacobLovie I am good. A lil tired, but some coffee will cure that! I have to rescue my laptop from work. I left it last night. 
happpy momma's day (: doing work &amp; waiting for momma to come back from church. then major kiss-ass-ness cuz i was bad this morning 
im not allowed to carry my cell in my pocket while am at work! sad sad day 
urgh work tomorrow! i have a huuuuge craving for a hug! 
@CRSAlexander im good darlin its been awhile! how are you? yea i saw the game, sad face  ill be in dallas in a few weeks, party? ;) lol
up gonna eat the rest of that bomb ass diner food. then get ready for work!! I needa do my hair too 
Ah haha happy mother's day im stuck at work till 8 
guess we're not gonna do anything special for our 300th find.. 
@coolokc work  soooo tired- am i still doing ur show?
fuck!!! i have school tomorrow im going to be so tired....wish i could sleep in...my mom would never give me a ride over 
ok got my personal evaluation done! sweet! now must finish watching satc and then head to bed for like....a whole 6 hours 
@jLillian eww dont try to follow me again, fake! no skype, no shoot, no nothing? new set of friends eh? 
its 4.50 am  and im still doing art work i gotta go to college in 3 hours omg i think im going insane i cant paint anymore 
@thesweetcheeks thats good! well ima head to bed i gotta work tomorrow  good night
My husband lost  Its okay though, they still need to win 3 more games in a row and thats not happening! work is soo boringggg 
@gallopingsalmon  hope all your blood work turns out ok. I'm going to miss hearing your voice tonight.
stressed out  about to curl up into fetal position, listen to some jojo, &amp; pray for good dreams because right now i feel pretty terrible.
@IamGoosey my man i cant tonight, gotta do the job thing manana. and i gotta go pick someone up at the airport tomorrow 
nine days since last post:O what have i been doooingg?? ohh yeah drowning in work 
ok... now again im free to get some rest... no more collage for 2 weeks what a happy life... sucks that i still have to go to work 
@jayjaykazaz ahah you love my funny moments huh, too bad they are not captured on camara  are you still at work?
@JAGnLA I have one closer but everything in simi closes early 
@KevinSpacey a thrill of anticipation here,still not seen  well congrating for a night show wont do,think thats stupid.But will enjoy w.y.
@krishgm Once had to watch 'documentary' for film degree with bodies being cut up for post mortem 1st thing in the am, hungover 
@danecook really wanted to go to that show. couldnt afford it though  bet you were amazing as always
Morning twitter folks! I plan to get some sculpting/painting done myself this afternoon, been too long since I picked up my brushes 
@Nicolaarthur I still have work to do just so needed the lie in!feel myself gettin the cold too  great!
Almost 3 and I'm still not sleepy  gonna sit here a force myself to sleep got work in the am
@MadamSalami bah.who needs real food!bathroom cleaning to do today.want to go to town, but hes at work and i dont like going in alone 
I dont knw weather 2 go in 2 town cuz its shit out 
stress mornign at work, somone broke the internets by typing google into google 
@ninpolite yeah I would have loved to have gone to the chicago show.... no can do though they cut my hours at work 
@Theserashow aww why u tired? im just in work watchin the sun from the window..its rather depressing 
need to wait for all the sessions of house to come out on dvd so i can sit down and watch the lot cuz i never catch every episode 
just remembered i have band in the morning  that means i gotta get up at 6, its sooo hard especially when its freezing!!!!
I am working tonight  cos men are a pain in the ass and wouldn't know what a days work would feel like if it bit them on the nose
is having a day from hell in work  oh well not long left now
lying in bed. don't want to move, but i have to write up/edit a survey &amp; make lunch &amp; get changed &amp; cheer myself up.. all before bed time 
think i should head to bed eww 9am prac in the morning  and a test and assignment due. eek
three more days of vacation left after this one, gotta buckle down and get some more unpacking done, blah! i hate unpacking 
had 2 cancel gym &amp; lunchdate as bp rocketing. c-ing doc 2nite, think it's my ear condition flaring up not happy girlie. off home 2 rest 
@carmellove dam  besides dat is ur day goin good so far
@gwenflex good luck with ya school..but ya neck been hurting for sometime now... hope its nothing serious 
@MissJazzy23 it aint started raining out here yet..damnit to hell with this 40 days n 40 nites shyt...yea I gotta go get a few things too 
@meghanwels oh hi  my son doesn`t know who i am , i lost my job , my dog bit off my leg andi can`t pay my medical bill .
At work... annoyed and moody but that's cause I'm tired as hell and feel like I'm gonna throw up. 
I should really start some work.. really dont want to.. would much rather look at blogs all day 
@jasminerae_ hey gurlie...ill b home for good monday!!!!! cant wait for the trip...if i can go 
push play moving means that whenever i go to long island to see my cousins i can't be like omg maybe they're at the mall!!  sadddddness!
@kajorn does the cf/flex thing *have* to be saturday, i usually ride my bike then  who's the speaker anyway?
done nothing all day but hang with my wonderful bf... but now im alone and miissing him 
@robbywat work is sucky  ok i cant know that ha but school is just as sucky. = )
goin to bed..i got a lot of homework tmrw 
is now home and getting to bed.....gotta stop this!!! going to bed at 7.30am??!!! 
had a gr8 wkend. Now ive got a long &amp; busy wk of work ahead of me 
@syco_bree52 that was the bestest comment ever i totally heart you! and sorry i couldnt come play adam didnt want spencer over night 
can't think of anything for dinner. no chef tonight. and im jsut short of gettin delivery of chinese or summin 
@GlitzyGloss ^^ lol D but i dont liek this difference  for example tila want make her online show at 7pm than i have school ((((
it's 6 pm and i just woke up  ... super lazy sunday ...... i have a lot of uni work to do 
@kyleandjackieo there is masterchef on &amp; eurododgy vision wish u guys did BIGBRO ths year,sundaynight suck without it 
marcus kwameeee algwah at work  feels like a monday for me!
@lotteduncan @JuliaCherryPie yup - bang goes our chance of getting him to clear up after the next shoot 
playing cargo bridge on newgrounds,challenging. workers keep falling off the bridge. guess im not meant to be an engineer 
work tomorrow  bloody hell, why can't i be rich and own an island..?
@ work itz to earlie for this shit i wonder y i work nights 
Aww, poor show. Its a nice day, thought id get something from the bakers for my lunch but i cant because its sunday 
hello sunday 9:30. let's get productive. i wish i had cookies 
ok,as I'm only sitting here crying about my own idiocy,I can as well go outside,maybe find some coffee.work's not getting done anyway 
shit its like 25 days until leavers dance, still dont have a dress  ALSO my tweetdeck still isnt working 
god dam weather wish it would stop raining need to go to morrisons and get a few things, but dont fancy walking in the rain 
@Omgkatie ahhh that is gonna be on my mind now  I am just itching to open a new tab and play it, damn you!
enough with the work @peter_vs!!! come home now dammit, i've hardly seen u all week!  i miss u just a little
I'm so not looking forward to getting up for work in 7hrs  *sigh* oh well the things we do... night all xo
Ugh, work til 7 (via @rileyfasho) ewz. sorry 
almost 1.30AM. havent finished analyzing the scientific ppr.. screw school work. gotta kill chicks tmr. my course is evil!  gotta sleep!
@hannarnia had a business meetin- on my way home now! It sucks cos its rainin n bare windy 
@mayracita yea I know how u feel.. but iam @ work tear 
am sooooooo lookin 4ward to 1/2 term. sadly course work awaits.... 
family gone, skating postponed until tomorrow    oh well, i need to finish packing anywa
getting sick of my foot!!!!!!! i haate cuts and dont know if i can go to the dance next week  hopefully and brandon better come!!
@jkessen thats excellent news!!! the bad thing is waiting so long...until fall..  cant wait to watch season 4..
blah...im so bored....i have geometry work to do.....that should b fun.... 
@tlc2242 my bad!  I left work later than usual didn't get home til 11ish and then got ready for bed and forgot! sorry!  I'll call tmrw!
dreading the thought of work tomorrow  and trying to aviod  the noise of WOW coming from my house mates room..save me
gotta go 2 my car and get these cds out wish me luck guys  lmao
My translation speed sucks  really need to double it if I'm gonna finish the work in time!
home from work. went insane and did a LOT of extra cleaning. i smell like bleach.  time for a shower...
i had the best proposition today too bad i was 200+ miles away  ce la vie- good conversation &amp; sushi and now my hearts all sad-not really
Drink a bottle of wine by myself last night and feeling a little crap this morning - damn gotta go to work now 
work is winding down thank god but im still in the department with the stupid girl  cant wait to go home and sleeeeeeep &lt;3 ahh sleep!
@babygirlmaui there is a video on the community. Its of jordan dancing go check it out! This cruise stuff is sad. 
Sadest thing in my life is saying goodbye 2 the little 1 while having 2 go 2 work &amp; let some1 else raise him. It's a mommys job 
body shaking techno music and street racing off of foster blvd dont help to get rid of a headache.  good night world.
im all stuffed up!  we should do something tommorow. lets go play frisbee and go on a walk and just relax! i think the answer is yes! 
@gas700girl The link wont work 
@tdh I think I'll be exploring the shit out outa' this wolfram, I am home sick! With nothing to do whole week !! 
there is nothing to eat up in this bitch!! hmm airport food in hour it is i guess 
Finally home. Freakimg tired but not sleepy tired. I dont think sundays are supposed to be this busy. Didnt get to see bro's new puppy 
Running late for work as lady giving birth at st pauls - central line part suspended, buses slower than ever, bad times 
@prateekgupta sorry to hear abt your 15 hour days at work.. I know how shitty that feels 
At work starting 10 mins early got the shitest tables get ready 4 a crap night 
today was too long, the weekend went too fast, and im too annoyed about stuff to twitter anything half decent..  gonna get me a cup'a tea!
2 more days for assignment submission but nth's done..i feel like shit now..   i need help!!!! argh...
Being at work at 6 is not my forte...agh soooo tired didn't sleep good at all last night 
wow so my mom saved my ass this morning....I would have been so late for work but i just made it!.....still feel crappy tho 
haaaa flight 1 hours late come techiincial issue 
@IamIli you have to! it gets interesting! hahahaha! just twittering. dang, i have history test tomorrow  let's hope my teacher forgets 
@UpupaEpops the sun shining as i type but we have had rain none stop virtually since friday  sendin arm bands ur way just incase xx
under pressure to get these feckin essays done by thurs arghhh! 
day one to a healthier lifestyle begins now. gotta work on the whole sleep thing tho 
bla. work til 5. home all alone. my punkins working over night in vermont. I dont like sleeping alone 
it's monday, and that means being slighty tired but having to work anyway 
my throat hurts  working on school work as usual...very tired have to get things organised for tomorrow!
@janiceonline oh no you alright what happened? and poor fishy! was it a goldfish?  ah i won't be at dance either, too much work. thurs?
celtics lost, work sucked, no day off till next weekend. yeah, things are looking up 
@omgamy I know what you mean! haha my mum wrote me a note saying your always miserable ask your boss to cut your hrs lol im too scared. 
up early. i wanna go to the gym but my ipod is broken  i need motivation today. maybe ill go tonight after work...txt it.
work time. I need starbucks but theres none close to my house  fail.
@ThinMint7050 all my info for that trip is @ home so I can't research while I'm at work  gonna look when I get home tonight...
is it wrong that a tv series and a movie complete me? wait... dont answer that. i need to go find a life; i know 
@jisliteskinded oh wow its this sat! I gotta work 
woke up waaayyyyy too late  off to the boston public library with no computer so i can get some real studying done! wish me luck please!
@LaDiiiAsH20 I'm still tired but gotta get up nd start gettin readi for work 
off work soon..yayyyyy....dreamin allday of my chevy witch i dont own 
tea sux in this house btw  need an upgrade!!! v poor quality!!
@veeekay07 yea it does but the stupid thing doesnt work in korean...   and its also pretty cheap considering its an ipod...
work sucked today btw, nothing to do, so i deep-cleaned everything in this f*cking restaurant. and now my back hurts 
When did banking get so complicated?  10 min wait! I should have gotten my money order at the post office. Much cheaper, and a lot faster 
just droped tim off at the boat ramp for his day of fishin n drinkin... lucky... now im off to fairfield for work... ick 
@wta_atp_tennis let the countdown begin ;) i would really love ana to defend her title, seems unlikely though  but heck! never say never!
home is really boring. im home by my self. tash is at work. cass is at work. daniel at the gym and mum and dad are getting coffee. bleh 
@Dilshaad yeah...everything is okay,got only probs with my left knee  a lot of work this weekend...regensburg marathon...
15 minutes left of my childhood  imma spend the rest of it playing pokemon
I'm sitting in the dentist waiting room. About to have more grim work done  can't wait till I'm outta here...
i finished that damn project. oh wait, i have more homework  im seriously not sleeping tonight
@taylorswift13 awe  you should get some rest tay tay! you did a wonderful job tonight! i hope ur all dried up from the water! lol. miss ya
@3fingaz i get my twins up at 6:30 for school...then once they gone i gotta start my work...i really have a shit load to do 2morrow 
gotta go to the job centre today  ill make sure to take lots of pointless pics
good morning world - although i have been up since half 5 (eek!!). work is slow but not for long... poor @wee_em  partying tonighhhhht!!!!
game on sunday come on lads  training atm 
cant go to schols got talent tomorrow  stupid dad and his work shit
@frankievizzle when u sleep does ur brain really rest? somehow i think urs is going all the time! happy long weekend! i gotta work monday 
Tired......more work tomorow    thats cool though! :-]
@souljaboytellem drop me a dm. i might not be on at work boy  holla
@RaraACTIVE eh ill try. gotta play soccer tomorrow 
@antdeshawn i stay in massachusetts  dang that cld be years b4 dey make that, good job lollllll
ughh have to pack and move stuff into the new apartment when i get off work. I wanna sleep 
@afrycanbeauty long days, longer nights.  dont act like u dont know how to get ahold of me though.
Wait omg its a d if I don't get my paper today eh all that hard work for nothing 
finished yoga. now im gonna write 4 the rest of the day. tried lookin 4 a job. no luck  maybe i could sell my stories? i'll think bout it
Y does stuff I did wks ago always come bak 2 haunt me? Finally finish a design only 4 it 2 rear its ugly head again 
two things that i want right now: a &quot;good morning&quot; call from my dad, and a back rub from my boyfriend. neither of those will happen. 
I've got loads to do now  i've got to tidy up, get my clothes for saturday &amp; sunday ready and get my work experience sorted. i'm so tired.
jus finished spinnin a few hrs ago now bk at work but wit these crazy behind kids..sum1 help me last 6hrs 
I'm dog sittin at my mum's n I only got basic tv no freeview all weekend  what am I going to do its a disaster missing all things lol 
I'm really hoping everything works out for tonight, i'm gonna be wicked bummed if i end up going to see terminator without you 
http://twitpic.com/5opwi - @iamellaa miss our nerdy ways already  i need to make your painting asap!
oh hold on it didnt work  dont worry haha
am hungover and work sucks. I need a new job. Also slightly sad not invited to an old friend's wedding tomorrow 
umm...i have only like 4 days of school let  imma miss my friends!
@ElectricBham I wanna see this  sad face, way too much uni work to be sitting on my arse watching films though. maybe next week.
is already disliking work and her finishin times! wont get home til 3am  x
they didnt accept me for the job 2day cause i put &quot;gang bang&quot; in my resume and apparently thats not team work 
@funkingkyle had to drive back to royal oak this morning making my mom late for work and me late to babysit i feel ya 
@AnnaSaccone still in lnd cos had to go to a funeral yesterday and i have museum visits to do for my project...bad times feelin ill  u ok?
@lidles nopeomg i was ment2 go 2 that production thing 2night but mum was like no im to tired and its to wet  now steph and loz are angry
unexpected trip to delaware. gone till monday  fuck my life.
@etrangle pls tell tatek my hard disk cant be read again and i've done everything &amp; it still doesnt work. 
gotta make the dough, pick up my check, grocery shop, clean up - all with penny lane in tow bc apparently she has separation anxiety 
@vnessaiverson I gotta work this weekend gurl no fun for me 
@funsizedmimi14 @hollaferheatha quit this chit-chat about tubing and tan lines on sunday  it's bad enough i cant get off work.
@plusmodelnikki ya it was fun even tho i suck at pool and my back feels alot better i had to cute off juice compeletly tho 
doesn't know what's gunna happen next 
im glad i got 2 come back home frm dads. there wasnt anything going on and we couldnt get 2 the beach, which kinda sucked 
wow wat is with these horrible headaches this is getting ridiculous, gunna try and sleep once this darn laundry is done, then up for work 
@martinamcbride sounds like an awesome idea! my hubby is at work alllll night 
@TheMandyMoore not fair that y'all got to go out, while I'm at work  oh wells.... c'est la vie
annoying double vision is not helping with this terminating work. neither is hanging off a ladder. i hav no strength atm  wanna go home.
@missris seriously, the view is just a bunch of old hags that have nothing else to do but bitch about hteir lifeps im back at work today 
@jbmcdlts aww  i hated being a teenager LOL, thank god im 21 now and earn my own money.. LOL dad wont see it that way, hell be like...
About to watch 'Sailormoon'. Thats not too crazy is it? I'm bored as hell although I need to be getting ready for work tomorrow 
Practising French home work  that gut in skiis is so cute hey @edenmariee
why is everybody so sad,lonely,depressed tonight? im fucking hyper..you guys are bringin me down....seriously *stops the underwear dance* 
home from school.. why wont my email open ?  not going to twitter till late tonight. to much work to do xx
@robgokeemusic  hey hey rob how are you tonight i had a dream last night where you were mr clean  and you wouldn't clean my house
@sm007hie atleast u don'tr have work tomorrow. I'm wired and gotta get up and go 
@YoungJizzo every time i see you i invite u over. ur in the mcdonalds line, or @ dennys or @???  lol come over anytime! (w ur report card)
@harukandy  I miss you! when does school + ur lease end? come stay at my apt after your done until my wedding! im planning white water
suppose to chill with my wu boys at the meth and red show tonight but gotta work...i will see u guys tomorrow @ the studio 
is getting ready for paperworks again! This seems to be a routine everynight! 
chillin in the cottage at akaka falls in hawaii!!  and oh yeah... I have to go on a huge long pain in the arse bike ride tomorrow...  
longest day ever.. gotta get up for work soon, then more moving..   this house is gonna be a lot of work
@OGBERRY tryin to sleep..cant sleep for anythin!!! someone help me 
Holy crap! Too much awesome &amp; interesting people, but it's 2am and I gotta sleep..  I swear, I gotta either move closer to you folks, or..
gutted!  wish i coulda gone to music concert last nite.........was stuck at home doing homework! 
thinkin bout all the things that happened this year in skool! want to cry 
@va_baby yeah....you see im up. lol  and i gotta meet with the rest of the interns and my supervisor tomorrow....egh.
my first tweet, hehe, its cold, ive got the cold + i have to go work now  lifes a bit shitty
@only1kcj guess its a no go girlie. I'm still at the gym and work at 6:30am 
I don't know how ima work out tomorrow wit my body dis sore  ugh
guess im staying home tonight...no movie-ing for me 
back at school again. almost weekend. oh wait, i gotta work from eight to four tonight 
just got home.. downtown was dead.. plus im kinda under the weather and i gotta get up for work tomorrow 
On the bus goin 2 work but omg seriously im sooooo tired dont know if i'll survive the 8 hour shift 
@BARACKOKITTY ur right! i dont have a reason to be up early but im sure my niece will be in my room in a few hrs botherin me 
Bout 2 lay iit down, got a head ache   @niariley we hangin tomorrow idont care wat u say lol..soooo dm me ur # &amp; imma hit u tomorrow k ;)
@ThatPaigeKid haha so your having father daugter bonding time? Lol anyways I g2g work get on msn later I'll be bored  x
is tryna find her a 30 yr old junt with a 401 k, stable job, good home with an extra room 4 me and my baggage..so tired of u young dudes 
@LittleLee yup! way to fucking early and I'm already at work 
im finally going home but didnt get to finish all my work  so ill be back tomorrow
@fuckbomb awww that sucks  also, when i finish uni, you should totally have a mini housewarming. yes, work it around my schedule, LOL.
fuck elora danan are breaking up  too and im missing their last nsw show too  def need to hit up melbs !! someone come with ?
Just finished work nd now waiting in the freezing cold drinking a mango magic, haha FAIL T.T mama, wheree are yu ? I'm cold 
sitting in the parking lot-by myself  i miss you baby. couple min til i gotta deal with a bitch. then i'm peacin' out and hitting the gym
lousy mofo landlord.   need to focus on kid's packing but cant . nevermind sew sleeping bag 
at starbucks with my love. eff school. i have work later too. 
@HubUK wow thats impressive! luckily im not in rush but i feel for friends who aren't getting any younger but cant move house  tricky
I'm so tired idk what 2 do...and I have 2 much 2 do ...church 2 nite, gotta write sermon, wash &amp; flat iron hair, eat! so so much 2 do 
isn't lookin 4ward 2 work 2mz.. n if its gna b like 2day-weatherwise- itl b even worse  xo
going camping in a coupla hours. gotta pack everything... by myself 
@StaceyVPofWC i was sent home yest from work, when in again today but feel like hell and burning up with a high temp, got it off hubby 
webcam still wont work  evil stuffs.
being lazy the rain does that to me  gym&amp;&amp;tanning is possibe, work &amp;&amp; a small social gathering around tha corner
im hungry.due to last night's dinner..or lack there of.. someone take care of me 
Getting ready for work... think I'm catching a cold  yay!! Now I gotta pull a 9 hour shift... holla at ya sometime tomorrow.. peace
so fuckin tired. didn't get home till 5:30. work at bjs at 12:15 
im sooo sore... my back hurts, my legs are weak, and im dehydrated. i have to go set up my moms furniture... gay!!!! 
*uh* totally forgot the gentoo reinstallation  don't know what i should backup. the make.conf, my home and /boot. nothing else..?
eating lunch cant wait till 6 off work but gotta work tomorrow 
@MItchBenn ooo and good luck for dundee tonight i can't be there cos i have a ton of uni work 
at work, with a swollen face  thank god it's kohls though. I'm feelin fat. flip flops are about to break annnnd I get my hair done tonight
Ugh just got out of work i think i'm a dang taxi for ppl but i just can't say no!!!!  o well its my fault
work is depressing the hell out of me  i want someone to fukin come on holiday with me in august
@jerricklim LOL YES! took me awhile to get accustomed to it. now back apple v, a, x, c! btw, apple up &amp; down still is home and end. 
i wish i was outside  thats the only thing thats gonna kill me about work all day, everyday during the summer.
@miabatsoy awww...i hope you'd be well na sis....it's so disgusting to be sick  better take the rest that you need...charge up...mwah!
oh no, gotta fillout more paperwork for my new job, daayum, this is going to take a while! 
@redbloc whats twhirl? I've some work to be doing over the weekend thank god so I'm probably going to miss it red, sorry 
@oakridgeboys Think these little youtube's are cool!! Prayers, my dad admitted to hosp. this am, n/sure what problem is yet, maybe heart 
hello..aint been tweetin all day cuz i had 2 switch things over 2 da new place. (exhausted and sick) 
tired as heck, i wanna go home and sleep but i cant cause im have to be at the wash till my daddy gets off work. 
have to go meet tims entiiiiire family in an hour, this should be different.. finishing getting ready then wake ; feel like shit still 
@Gailporter p.s am gutted- went to order dead famous on dvd today from amazon, couldnt find my wallet, went back and last one sold out 
maybe someday. i lova ya, friends!! my computer sucks  listening to coldplay&lt;3 tomorrow meet my bbff
left my phone at home and wont get it back till 4am. dont call me!! 
i have to be at work at 5 am  ... thanks to me ppl will be getting their freakin starbucks. peace out ppls!
aghh mann i missed like half wowp, nd i dont like to start watching things in the middle of the show, i forgot to record it, im maddd! 
tomorrow valeria's lunch!!! going to get my hair done but im arraving late   got my cousins babtizm or whatever you spell it
@jmallen1012 aww i'm sorry   glad mommy took care of you. erin is in for some fun if there's a bug on you in colorado
@MrKpop @allkpop anyway 2 listen to radio show thru iphone/touch? I cant make it work  http://bit.ly/xSeRL
on my way to splash bash with all my senior friends our last time all 2gether  im gunna miss them but im proud :]
needs a nap... but watching the game first... then having dinner for jeff's bday... then hollywood? okay maybe i can't nap 
@BeachBoyQuay hmmmm hmmmmm. Lol. I might still be at work so I may not be able to play 
Ears hurt, work was busy, feet hurt, gotta do it again tomorrow.....damn I miss my baby 
Going to bed..gotta b at work at 6 in the morn.... 
At the bar wit my girlz, only a few gotta work at 6:30 
so i guess i no longer have a ride to revamp tomorrow. i love how my parents deny me church related activities. needa work this out 
work with tolee &amp; rods. on my break. sooo hungry!  byeee!
wish I could watch @KalebNation's blogtv show but am at uni, mixing tracks 
still awake at like 3;50 am kinda tipsy but ive got work in 8 hours  n its sunrise already n i kinda like this girl called beth sum1 help!
1st time eating meatloaf ever. doesnt help that its cheesecake factory. somebody couldve warned me it tastes like crap 
going to bed. gotta work all weekend 
@SAAMtastic  idk u was in bk i coulda came thru. get ya work done!
@pratisham good idea, distribute the Earden, not interested. damn new clothes, now i cant wait to goto work just to wear them  dumb, lame.
work tommorow  woot cleaning windows and floors!!!
what did i do wrong sha. i visit you one day, and you tell me you love me, now, for some reason, you hate me and wont tell me why. please 
@RYANWWILLIAMS i have to like... hang up a coat... and like... put my unfinished uneggsaladed fiji in the fridge  fuck multi level houses
@mstrbrightside lol stop it with the old talk! i'm jealous. i only started watching conan after maybe year 3 and i never saw jon's show 
@x__RyFi lakers .. Even tho I only got to watch bits and pieces of the game cuz I was at work 
poop i have work tom mad early 
Little brothers going to party..and im going home to sleep.  fuck work!!!!
1:03 baby!!! woot woot done with this project. but didn't do it all on friday did it? 
@erin82883 kk! thanks for being awesome erin! you are the best! catch you later, gotta sleep now. stupid work 
Someone needs to either come spend the night with me or give me something to do bc jordan is gone! 
cant sleep. feeling board. feel lonely on this site 
@sparklebracelet not good think there gona take her off life support right now!! 
@juuulianne @faabianne hey girls, listen.. i gotta go now... it's already a half past midnight here and 2morrow i have to get up early. 
@catoasapun no  its nowhere near ok. i had to walk out of the room during that part cause i was already crying when the ep started.  isuck
weather is awful  went shopping with friends... didnt get anything other than food. i think i am a food chick. xox
@LanieW nope..  work till six! pweasee get on tomorrow nighttt
wohoo sat-ur-day @ last can only mean re-runs of hollyoaks woohoo and more sunbathing!-child stil bein a misery  get better soon x
@chefromthebay drunk twitts r ok, I got school tomorrow  goin home w. No fighting is koo
@megwey thatd be superduper fun if it werent for the fact im on house arrest basically (thank you dad) and have a migrane 
ahh another call from the dirty maq.... must be friday in tofino. and nothing to smoke after work 
@melledesma12 haha no pets  cuz its new so theres no expansion pack yet.
im so sleepy ...  my first off after my study break.. and i really need to sleep. but i also wanna go to work. cant make up my mind 
I'm gonna try this thing called sleep for about 3 hours before I gotta get up and do it all again 
@clarinette02 it's hot here too, pissing me off, cos I gotta work. Also just been informed we've gone over on our broadband allowance 
going shopping for army gear. am gonna look like such a butch lesbian tonight  darned fancy dress!!!!!
@cr0wing ran away yesterday from my parents work. been out looking and stuff but no sign, haven't heard from anyone, he's just disapeared 
had a good lay in, busy gettin ready for the game today, beautiful outside, but not really in the mood for it, get blame for everythin!!! 
cant believe im stuck at work when the weather is so lush 
hi everyone, another lovely day and im work 
im officially sick  i got rip off its my weekend off work
Y oh y did i leave my work till da last min now i am stuck inside where it nice n sunny  
just getting ready for work, really dont want to be stuck inside on a lovely day like today!  x
oh boy, weekend work sucks! Why do I have to work in a home for the elderly? 
@jovi_gal thats what i heard  gabe isnt doing so good, he got arrested the other night
Is trying to learn all road theory by 6:30pm... I'm gonna hit something!!  xx
hmmm im excited, work today at 3  meh its fun but i cba lol, facin up tonight  o well, i hate how ive eaten all the ice creams  x
huh- random schedule planning is so troublesome! poor jase-face, got online-stood-up , naw 
Sitting at full stop on the M1 in nottingham as accident is cleared (via @Nokiadirk) - me too 
today is getting worse and worse! need to fix the paint on my car!  think im guna start living in a bubble wrap world!
what am i doin.......well my phones being retarted and im bored for the rest of the half term 
@BethRegattieri omg so jealous, that sounds like heaven! I just finished work so I'm tired and hungry on a smelly train  haha
i got to work 2day.  awwwww, it bright sunny and warm outside. i could be at da beach, da lake, anywhere outside but noo..gots 2 work. 
My copy of demon's soul has just come, but I have to stop myself from playing it and get this assignment done for monday 
For @Applecored as I go offline and head into the hell that is work  *hugs* ? http://blip.fm/~7bgtt
@mishacollins wanna come to the convention but cant  anyway congrats for the confirmed role of castiel in the 5th season of supernatural!
stupid rental dvds that dont work 
it was either get rear ended w/ 10 gals. of gas in the back or hit the bunny..im sad as the bunny lost. 
My guys grandfather just passed away...hate to hear him so sad  keep him in ure prayers
we  didnt get into see star trek  damn popular movies! out on tha town instead... with a bunch of wooo girls around us!
yoo fuck work, i am really sick  gotta call in, my tummy hurt, anybody gotta cure??
our pops has escaped the house, cant find her anywhere.   
tweet tweet awake goin 2 work 
woke up feeling shitty  gotta shake this before 1230. work 1 til 9.
yea soo sick ot work out  but im def laying in bed watching teenage mutant ninja turtles haha.. dunno what im doing today.
plans failed for andy and i today  oh well this is a good opportunity to rest ! clean , cook , homework.. yaaayyyyy......
@xoxodashsaar are you okay? it is terrible when folks argue.  ps: thank you for your concern yesterday... I'm food shopping after work...
@commando101st easier said than done, im just over 6ft and only weigh 10 n half stone! used to weigh 11. 
aw... i cant believe everyones gone home for the summer. im all alone in grove now till the degree show and i miss my keke already 
i have some reallly bad news::: my pool has a whole in  who's guna come fix it? 
@jamiemcflyx we dont get a prom either  its just 6th years who get a leavers dance, and every year gets a christmas dance, thats it though
is sad her and @nicole_cc plan didnt work out last night 
At work on break dont wana go back boo 
@Pushermania so quiet  it makes me a bit sad! elena is legit. get that girl some donuts! mic check 1, 2.. i want donuts dad.
oh and lameness - back in work tomorrow even though i should have been back monday  sad times.
its hot and sunny outside and im stuck in the house doing college work  bad times
[-O] startin 2 get home sick wish the studio was closer to queens  http://tinyurl.com/neho5y
done with the project's 3rd phase. and i'm still feeling low. about to go for dinner shortly, but not feeling like eating anything. 
ok so heres my next problem  i noticed one day that my engine was backfireing more than usual so i said let me check my spark plugs. so..
that one also he said he rly rly rly nt confirm 100% cos if he hadta stay in camp, he cant do anything abt it 
party time at 7.... :S work tomorrow though so no drinking for amy 
@megancoyne I have your flip flops yay  I'll leave them @ Shannons if ur not there 4 some crazy reason like work 
@meganecoyne I have ur flip flops yay! I'll leave them with @sharkins431 if ur not there 4 some crazy reason like work 
I really dont want to go to my cuz grad but its a huge deal for her.&amp; it really sucks that my man is canceling now. great 2hr ride alone 
Really felt like a 10yr old child when @askill123 gave me the get ya priorities together u can't be partyin ya whole life speech. 
gotta go get tomato and cuke plants since I rotted all my starts, hope the farm down the street hasn't sold out.  later tweets
#DesignTalk : photography job commenced. it was hot outside   anyone want to come over and watch.. http://tr.im/mTZl
is at work missing the outside world...see ya at midnight 
@maleekberry no doubt, but he ran outta moves tonight, 24 hrs is not enough time for sum1 his age to rehearse new stuff 
chinese delivery.  more coffee.  liver is madddd today.  gotta get it together for the neighborhood speakeasy rogue bar tonight! i'm old 
 hate being stuck at home not able to do anything before my last day at hollywood
went shopping today for last minute things for bahamas.. SO excited! work in a little bit  .. @smaggyy u should always have anti-venom
helping out at the homeless shelter. then later going to a show at the echo. im going to miss my baby 
@MsClovisEskimo still have a few things to do before work tomorrow and my trip.  i'm there in spirit tho!
@musicboxmix hehehe  i'm hella busy .. and think i'm try that whole not tweeting thing again. really need to focus at work   arghhh  
going out as its the last time ill see my friends from work, but the exam fear is kicking in.. hmmmm looks like an all nighter tomorrow 
i has cramps  , picking up lauri, work from 5 -12ish,  party in 'Tilly maybe.   You remind me of the babe.
I hate renos!!!!  lol hope everyone is having a great saturday, hubby has me frigging painting, i would rather be card making 
Just a twitterdream for @graceswine, unfortunately  But hey, go pay 'em a visit anyway!
Looking for a new camera!! my old one got sand in it and it dosnt work anymore 
@Jpesos24 @Felipesegundo at least yall niggas not at work on sucha nice ass day 
@nightboyz7  sry lol nice day. but didnt get to go outside *tear* too much work to do
im losing my sanity and ive still got the rest of the night to go  help me
@Autumnfox I gotta get ready for work so I don't think that I'll be online for the rest of the night.  I wish I could chat with ya. 
@ryansean_09 yeah i'm at work dealing with some shit that i was trying to upload on friday but the net was fucking out for like 1hr 
Never allow ur clothes to over take a section of ur rm u will be washing clothes all day. Being lazy doesnt pay 
@BenjaminTseng it's probably gonna take 2 weeks  i do filter on a daily basis so this is lots of good stuff. at 455 atm.
just graduated  cant believe its over..ily guys so much&amp;im gonna miss u guys like crazy!good luck in hs  class of '09 forever &amp;always
@priluvsnick haha pri not reli i was just sayin that coz she was on line n she replys so people who vote 4 her but it didnt work  ly pri x
@LILMAN22 omg sorry my keyboard didnt work!  u can go on again if u want to now its workin LOL
Home from the sprint store my sister dosent get her phone till tuseday.. aww poor her 
@JLSOfficial ahhhhh  you tweeted  ecstatic.com &lt;33! sucks you missed out on the sun, i'm burnt  lol. the pic didnt work man  LY&lt;33
@andrew8891 You never burn, you tan which is poop cos you make the rest of us look albino 
my evenings plan just got cancelled.    guess i gotta save up my dance moves for next weekend anyway
going out for meal tomowah .. bloody camera dont work 
Its oooovvvva done movin now gotta wait for the cable guy  now I'm hungrier then an ethiopian child who wanna eat??
cant force myself to study for my huge bio test comming up  dont know if I can wing it this time
playing flash tower defence games at work. my hair is a mess aswell 
  i hate being at work this long on the weekend.  i want my bf and my kitties
Is having internet problems.  But dont worry, a repair guy will be out on the 8th 
ok where are all the good looking ppl who dress nice? I guess they know they 2 fly for sat night &amp; stayed home 
@MSJA LOL damn so I also missed a chance to tongue some whip cream off u too !!  *smh LOL  so what part a ga u stay?
@RushByTor2112 well ... its just that my parents got in a fight infront of me it ruined my day a lot.  wat happened to u?
@Ilkee hey sorry  I just got off work been there all day!!  talk to you tomorrow!!!
In bed alone again  that's what happens after a long wkend @ work he fell asleep on the couch hrs ago. N won't wake. He's snoring loud 2!
i wld luv 2 go back in time when things were simpler &amp; $ wasn't an issue  i've got a lot of decisions 2 make in the nxt cple of days :/
omfg  another night of 10 hours of shitty, depressing tv at work. wtf? how come the morm ops manager watches the ugliest shows?
@jordanknight aww well have a good knight's sleep. Its mornin here in saudi n im on my way 2 work, boohoo  i work 2 save money 2 c nkotb!
12:55 am . should be going to sleep, damn  don`t wana think about all the homework madness !
ight yall...gotta get my rest and sweat this flu out! im still sick  peace!! again i love everybody who made it out for me 2nite!
dozing off at work.. cant wait to get home and sleep. i hate it though i feel like i barely see my pup anymore. 
i miss my boyfriendddd  &quot;so come feel this magic ive been feelin since i met you cant help it if theres no one else mm i cant help myself&quot;
@danielshockk sorry for the late reply. no, im not going tomoro, we cant get there in time  but its ok cause i met atl today 
just got home frm work depressed cuz there's nothing to do 
@sufisammy i cant see the pics from my pon!  ill see them when ill come back home from work.. *kiss kiss*
off work. all day shift got me tired. home. wanna do something but sibs are here...  it's cool i miss them too 
wtf?! now I gotta sit next to foreign guy and a damn window seat. double fail for me! 
hello guyzZ just got off from work and its raining outside..damn this headache 
lil trickstahh prolly the last ghetto name of the night  i didnt feel like writing it ghetto ;p
Home from work, uh long day and I missed seeing or saying goodnight to maggie  such a big bummer...
I gotta charge my phone and it won't be right next 2 me so I'll have 2 talk to u manana mi carino 
@wilw that picture is just madness! go, mel, go...keep the crazy coming.  and I wish i could enter the tourney tomorrow 
@TimothyH2O theyre hellllllllllllla good! yes its aussie. the only place you can get them here is cost plus. i havent had them in months 
cant believe its 4.30am and these kids are still up..oh by the way did i mention i miss my friends that are the same age as me.... 
I feel like complete ish this morning,gotta go to uni wit the fam to bring my stuff home and move back for good 
@RebeccaMasters I know its boiling isnt it, which means work is gunna be dead  Everyone will be on the beach... xx
ah  Saturdays over spent it doing a whole lot of nothing! so tired gonna go take a break
@iqbal_joe no i'm not.i just font know why  work, just fine. tea time, lets!
:'(   cant go to all time low signing!   fingers crossed i meet them at the concert...
sunday at work.. its so boring.. shayyan is sleeping, huh* wht a life.. 
is off to bed work in the morning    goodnight one and all love ya's xoxo
@jessalina we need to hang.. prolly tomorrow.. if you know what i mean, tamp to the amp time  love youu! tell lou i said congrats!
On the wayyy home and i dont feel like it.  but i got fucking work at noon. Blaghh
and guess what got a meeting now , i have to travel all the way to ffin dubai , and it's 46 degrees outside ! 
@naiza thx hon;it makes me mad bcoz now they want to give him a chemo he refused a year ago...maybe could have avoided all this suffering 
On my own, moms gone untill tuesday. I have to get up on my own, keep the house clean, and make my own meals. Lifes rough. 
ooh, why do i leave everything to the last minute?! a LOT of coursework due in for tomorrow  - hmph.
@trevoryoung I'm just having prob with tweetdeck since 17.28hrs-haven;t been able 2 get any updates-haven;t been home-so no prob til now 
aw crap! why do i *always* forget about my work clothes until i'm getting ready for bed on a sunday night? 
wants to date lindsay lohan but cant find a way to contact her 
hates working on sundays....shouldnt have went out the night before....  5 hour enery shot dont fail me now!!
last night was gooood, french martini's and strawberrys cosmos= goood times  college work annoys the hell out of me 
has gotta work in this weather  grr......
@caramoulds got up at 6 to find it raining steadily...took forever to get the jeep top back on by myself  hey--check your email
I'm gettin ready 4 church n feelin upset that I'm missin tha 9am service smh I luv 1st service 
on another note...im not excited at all to go to work 2morrow. plus i have my biannual physical! ugh... blood work  i hate the needle..
Doesn't look like I'll make it 2 church 2day  to make up for it I'm gonna look 4 a sermon 2 watch while I get some work done. *sigh*
Wow. I have never been this fucking tired. I feel like I'm gonna pass out. Here's to 8 more hours at work. 
@xxJONASaholicxx i know wha u mean there shud be!! h8 homework nd revision  weather is way too gud ;-)
*sigh* That feels good, now off to enjoy my still crappy day @ work wit those previous listed that aint make n this run smooth 
 I don't wanna be at work right now. I'm sooo tired and a smidge hungover
@CrunchyK relax.it'll arrive. I work in a hotel and sometimes eveb they r short on staff  but i do understand that ur gettin abit annoyed
at work  ugh. I should be in church yall then .. The beach. What a sunday. But it wont stop my praise!
work 12-6, then going to go say bye to the fam...im gunna miss them. 
oh well wishing wont make any difference I'm off to iron uniforms for school tomorrow 
came inside now, proper burning eeek  back to college work eh!
@skycapCUTIE yuck! ooh r u bz sat the 6th?i have no1 2 accompany me 2 wengs babyshower. come with me &amp; kids.nestos workin that day 
is missing out on graduation because she's at work  sorry elise... although i know you're going to be super pissed irregardless.
got my lip pierced ..swollen  trying to get the swollen down ...start work training tomaore .. uhh with no car 
@bamkisser look like our only vacation gone be orientation hahaha 
watching tv and doing hw cause we have school tomorrow  , brothers soccer tournament later, maybe
home ... cleaninq up &amp;&amp; stuff and doinq like mad homework ! esp. civics !  thanks hamid ! and my mom is here cleaninq up so with her too !
i dont wanna go to work  at least i get to skip the wrath of my crazy mother on cleaning day.
one of the unexpected disadvantages of parents separating - you spend a lot more time on your own. wish mum would come back from work 
MTV movie awards r on tonight!!! cant wait. studyin for math final right now. real pain... 
dayquil,nyquil,desifriol, n now tylenol cold... something better work cuz i cant take another day of being sick 
omg frustration, after working my arse off revising my mum just squirted the hose pipe at me and got it on my work and a little on my mac 
so annoyed one of my keys on here aint working,maths gcse tomorrow apparently,oh and im burnt real bad and all my freckles are out 
can't sleep dammit, oh well gonna work on graduation slide show and video instead! except idk what songs to use, help 
@getonmylevel my body is aching  @dj2tone, actually I might need ya help later lol. where we @ this weekend?
wish i was home cuz the family is goin to the mountains and im stuck at work 
We didn't even do anything on friday, so what the hell do I put in the log book 
hmm, is wondering when she passed out last night. i dont like waking up in jeans not comfy  getting ready for work.
After the yard work my allergies are now REALLY kicking my butt. They seem to get worse every year  #fb
...such a bee-you-tee-ful day outside and im stuck inside doing all my homework that i should of done earlier 
;'  is with hannah in the hospital  , come visit me!  back at shool wednesday ? ' no one had\s an idea how bad i wanna leave !
On the bus bak frm manchster  wantd 2 stay!,.cnt wait 2 get home n sleep! This bus isnt very comfy!
@CJHatter yayyyyy  I lost my job and place to live on friday I feel like that guy who's parents kicked him out  guess I need to change my
Horrrible mood  gosh we shulda won tht game but i guess 1 bad call costs it all! 
It snowed this morning  watched gene simmons for like 3 hours its a preety good show but then i was bored...
i have to go :S need a shower, then i HAVE TO do my homework  yes, so i'll see you tomorrow xxxx
should be getting ready for work tommorow but I don't wanna  long weekends go by way too fast.
@whitneymarble hey! Since I'm a lazy bum and just getting up, I won't be able to go today...too much work  maybe later this week?
iv learnin hangovers suck worse the older u get  ..dangit not sure which feels worse older / hangover..
dance parties while washing cars are the way to go. work at 5 even though everyone is goin to grammys for dinner for ericas bday! 
Just about to pick daughter up from work - then &quot;LOTS&quot; of ironing to do   wonder what I can find to distract me instead.....!!
Omds im so tired  stupid 6 hour journey was a massive drain and yey school 2moz how much better does that make me feel lol x
home from work...im thinkin its naptime before charissa gets done babysitting and its POOLTIME!! @kelseygirardot i miss youuuu 
At chick fil a doin inventory and month end package  kind of lonely job...
other job starts tommorow, guess its back to &quot;Reasonable&quot; bed times 
really need to get some revision done, but absolutely everything is distracting me  someone wanna take it for me? 9am start! 
right, so about my dream. i was marrying nick jonas. then rita decided to come along and ruin everything by marrying joe on the same day 
is of to bed school tomorow and still gta get everything ready! ima miss the holidays  night all xx
omg am so tired n i dnt want 2 go 2 school tomorrow  anyway goodnight
@sulphate yes yes  im relooking @ study abroad stuff, if i whinge enough might be able to convince my parents to let me still go for fall
got my work experiance interview tommorow... stoopid stoopid stoopid bay. 
this might be a do da do lifes good moment 
just a few days to finish the main-work  cant read or hear about #businessrules anymore...
so happy im done with school and gets to start summer now and talking to my sexy navy boyfriend i miss him so much 
no bangs for me   anywhoo taking a chill pill today getting ready for the crappy work week ive got ahead!!
ah fucking shit, left my vaseline at work  my poor lips are gonna be cracked to fuck by tomorrow
i love the kooks *sigh* sooo bored, got sunburnt today  but met loads of nice people, so im happy as larry  i wonder how happy he is?
gotta work 5 to 10 tommorw so now show  out 2 dinner with the fam now... call/text later
Yes its me again, does anyone know how to change ur display pic thing cos mine is set to default n it wont work wen i try n change it  ...
trying to talk the parents into letting me leave the house..doubt its gonna work for the fact they are rather irritable 
time for some sleep- hav to actually do some work tmrw!! 
i wanna watch the awards but like the kiss concert thing I can't stay up until like 3am...i have school  screw it.
@petrilude  Its great huh?! I love it and am sad that it won't actually start playing til the fall. 
@amyyyox u are crazy! so u'll get like 2-3 hours sleep? oh god help u  lol xx
@dellamargaretta  be happppy. Hills finale tonight at 8, don't you want to make fun of heidi's acting with me?
@murphy69 that last item is always a check isn't it?  I should hire you to come steam clean my place tho - wish I had steam cleaners
work tomorrow  thank gawd for my good guvment job but I need to be doing something i love...
Ugh fuck work my tummy hella hurts. I should've frank lots of water 
ok i am still homeless even though i am staying at my oldest son's place but wont b here much longer... if only i could find a job 
working on my project god cant find the jewish heritage 
this might be a do da do lifes good moment right now 
@makinitrite omg,that's a lot of weight loss,plz make sure to monitor ur kidney &amp; heart function in the mean time!  stay healthy...
g'morning, so stressed about the deadline on wednesday..guess i'm going to have to start over from scratch. to top it off i'm still sick 
fuck! billy madison was on tv, and its half way done, I MISSED IT 
Just finished a 3 mile bike ride...I'm so out of shape...guess ya gotta start somewhere...much harder on beta blockers 
@yaysarcasm awww snap. you know shes not on the show anymore? theyre on a cruise ship now 
@djprostyle awww don't that I'm all the way in miami and gotta work 
@wendywings LOL sorry i got you into answering repetitive tweets.  super cool table tho. mrwings does great work!
just got home from work...gonna go to bed cuz i have to get up at 6 in the morning for work yet again 
having sleeping problems. tossed and turned until 4am. haay. gotta get moving. need to be in the office 
My sunday wasted thanks to a presentation i worked on for six hours straight! now my ass feels like a bunch of pancakes! 
ah im sweating  but its okay since its home now i can at least chill or roll up my hair. yay
@ashiezorz the louise link wont work 
idk how but, i woke up from my nap with some hickey looking thing on my left boob.. 
@mariedancerr hi. i tired to bunk. it didnt work. my mum was like your fine go to school. 
@em_gee sorry  I wasn't sure what time you were off work
few more details, stairs, and then i'm done!  after that, a sketchbook entry. late sunday homework is becoming a regular occurrence 
hate work. my hair is grey and I have a photoshoot tmrw...fucking excellent 
just finished my english project. homework is the only thing ever that makes me super tired.  i miss planning days   night !  xo
going to bed....been a long day...gotta get ready for work tomorrow.....there has gotta be something better out there. 
im home... i'm craving for some noodles. gona try to do some work and then sleepy time. i feel like i ddnt get anything done this weekend 
@mr_billiam Thats my theory - then I'll go back to the lovely schedule of one post a fortnight. Its the set up part thats the hardest 
goodnight... Finally! French scripts arent fun to translate at midnight 
how time flys when ur having a break from tech.....long weekend is now over  got tech tomorrow but thats ok only one class
goin 4 a bit of shoppin, den continue revisin 4 exams 
@ work bored.... and watchin paul blart mall cop...... all the funny parts were in the previews..  
why this day sucks. 1.there wasnt enought tofu  2.buzznet wont open 3.i have a feeling ill see a cockroach'
oh for goodness' sake. now being followed by 'britney sex tape'. am just going to shut up and go and do some work. 
(@tamzinaki) oh for goodness' sake. now being followed by 'britney sex tape'. am just going to shut up and go and do some work. 
@audreygiselle i dont remember my plan  and i also dont have work tomorro xxx
no literally... i drop the damn hand soap while i was cleaning the mens restroom at work... stupid bliss 
I'm fucking done. Ughhh. I always procrastinate -_-  whatever. 3 hrs of sleep tonight.                                                 ...
up at 5 am trying to get my fucking homework done 
horrible cough and chest pains= all bad...now I am gonna be up :'( someone come take care of me 
completely forgot about the science experiment report due tomorrow! guess my plan for slacking off isn't gonna happen 
so close to having everything finished fr college.1hour left thn its time 2 sit on a roasting bus for 45mins,get home eat then go 2 work 
@mikesage86 maybe its boring cause im alone...  hows work goin?
@jjx oh no  get some coffee/dr. pepper. let me know if I need to stop for anything!
i miss my sunday job... slow songs anyone? 
damn at work feelin more sick after takin a shit load of meds last night.. oh god today not a good day  so sick
@FevEligante yes i know, crazy but you wouldnt appreciate anything less, way to ignore my text last night  u just gettin done work?
My god just took me a good 10 minutes to patch my feet up, its going to be hell wearing work shoes 
spent 1hr @ council offices this am, made Russian doll art also, gonna eat dinner then go to work &amp; miss the sunshine 
got home from uni 2day. had no keys.jumped the fence.couldnt get in the house.had to go back 2 uni &amp; sit around for 4hrs doing nothing 
Is back in work after fab few days away in the caravan, oh Why do i have to work 
to the happy web-dev types down leith posting pics of the sun and sea, spare a thought for us poor saps enjoying lunch in 30 deg offices 
@dreamergirl17 no  wayyy to much hw I gotta finish first. And it's way cold out!
I'm up and it's early  gunna do a coffee run/get gas and then find a way to get my mom up and ready to leave
worst night's sleep ever!! idk why...nervous for work? nervous for school? either way, i'm freakin exhausted 
#shoutout to 3 o' clock. because i am sooo ready to go home  ugh, im not used to having a job. good things its only for 3 weeks.
At work n not n a good mood   everyone's bein hateful n i miss @AndyR3w so so much!!
oh boy I hate Mondays... Especially Mondays like this one. Loads of work, crappy weather and I am sleepy 
Up an at em! a long day, .mtg with superbowl 2010 staff. alot on my mind today, gotta shake it off! 
@genna21 minus the uni work of course  haha actually that's gunna be you for like the next few weeks if u want 
grr. gotta get ready for work! looks like i ont be able to finish right now! 
@mileycyrus Aw man... I'm gonna miss the show.  It's become part of my home from work &quot;routine&quot; 
@GeekesS fail for me  gotta miss it for work. stupid time zones. i should call and say I will be late.
@bholmes_jerz im at the clerks office pay n some damn tickets...i hate this shit! 
is still in the office and just realized that I have very little money left. pay day please?  http://plurk.com/p/xo1aq
stuck in college on an amazing day, this is utter pish, cannae concentrate on nething man 
@becka_xxx  half an hour in the books, an hour doing something completely different to de-stress. dont feel all too bad  you'll do fine
a little foresight and i would have held my phone in my hands tomorrow at work.. now i'll have to leave it on the porch til i get home 
@mim001 think I'll be more excited when my hair's done and i've got all my stuff ready. Right now I'm just sun burnt and meh. 
@tb78 yeah and most of tonight too, taking a break for a run then back to it 
frick, frick, got some info but no progress. sleep would by nice right now.  life of a student...sucks sometimes..
ok so have a i have nothing to do day planed! so pumped. missin my boys tho  wish they could stay home forever but that life! bday n 9!
trying to somewhat fix the mess I was left with at work...this is gonna take a while 
Home from work and damn its warm again, been stuck inside allday tho 
cant take the smell of paint. i think im going to be sick again 
i uninstalled Twinkini and now it's not free anymore...  gotta find another windows mobile app...
macbook check, behold check, ipod touch check, hair done check, eyebrows  shopping  lets c wat i can do b4 the 6th! CAR get check in 3
work  &amp; dont you just hate when parents talk about you like youre not there 
@secretvalley  oh I better get saving then, or get a loan. I havent found anyone yet who will grant a loan to a pigeon on a mission 
At school pickin tj up..cant believe only two more days left 
qualifax is fucked, wont load find a course  no collage for me so
how do i make 4od work on my mac? i havent a clue whats going on in hollyoaks!!!!! 
geez im so very jealous of anyone who went to go see no doubt yesterday. 
My feet hurt sooo bad. I guess thats what happens when you wear chucks on a 12-hr work night. 
mairead left work 2day- was so sad  miss u staffie! luv ya! xxx
the rest of the work day is gonna suck...my ipod is running out of battery 
im gunna fail so bad tomorrow  need my brother to help me finish this god damn assignment -_-
come back in now. got a head ache  think its cos im hungry. waiting for dad to bring me supernoodles cos i dont want bbq left overs haha
OK so im getting out of bed i know i know its 3pm lol but anyways i need to get ready for work 
I think camping is goin to have to be reschedualed  mann y did everyone have to get a job this week
isn't feeling 2 hot!  When I get off I'm so going 2 take sum meds nd go 2 bed, asap!
juss got outta class. seems like its gon be a fun class! glad I switched majors. only bad thing, I had no service the entire 1.5 hrs.  lol
@AbigailDSouza aww i'm sad i didn't get 2 party with baby cheeks! did yall do it big for amanda's last night?? wish i could've been there 
in line for ea, laptop batt died so prob done for the day 
not left work yet y is this lol gettin home and just relaxing back in 2morrow early 
goin for a run.....even though my ipod is dead so i have no musical motivation  but i wont let that stop me
@roswelluga your girl is right here honey, waiting for you to get off work!!! :**************** dont be sad 
i need a hobby.  i was gonna go look for one at the hobby shop yesterday, but my dad didnt take me !  
im glad to be home now, wow its been way too hot at work, it was 85 degrees! all we had were fans blowing hot air around 
@JACKIEJEWEL yayyyy at 6am he send tweets of motivation :-P thats why I really wanna get up and go out but im hurt 
What a crappy day at work.  I wanna go home and watch the microsoft press conference   I should go to the gym too
so...this no internet thing is kicking my ash!!!!!! cant wait to have it..even if it is just dial up 
jsut because my stupid butt had to  bring up the subject of me wanting to move out at 17 or 18 cause im done withthis crap 
@ohdengitslyss lol no i havent! and yea, i gotta find a job too, im hungry as well 
@LiaFBaby where? &amp; mos likely no, gotta go2 work  lol
@Airinnajera  ha  aaron. After work i need to go  pay your car reg. B4 i can rest 
@msrez im sure theyve sent a virus to the bloody things over the past 24hours. went to turn mine on and got the red rings today 
@WillBressington fine, ruin my fun!  nah, come to schooooool 
at work watching slumdog millionare its so bad ass. working till 10 
@marcus1812 haha! i'm only taking a carry on bag all my stuff is there! need a lift to the airport though!! hehe!! the plane is 7am  night
In class...feelin sick 4 some reason...gotta lot of work 2 do...ugh 
laides get together tonight... I cant wait! smh...(cant stay up too late... i have work in da am) 
pulled over in storm. cant see. damn it! if i ever win the lottery...im hiring a full-time driver! (seriously)  
@TwiStedCoVerGrl I have a slight headache... prob cuz of the horrible work day I had. I'll deal  how r u?
'i wish i could bubble wrap my heart, in case i fall and break apart'.. tom, i love you :~ why can't you me here by my side? shit 
goodbye monday. hello early morning track practice 
feeling sick watching some tv but of course nothing on  work at 5am...blah
Oh dear - my wed morning cancelled... health probs. I hope he's okay - I worry about my older subs at times 
Just ordered presale, guess I didn't put in some code idk  whatever birthday tomorrow, more scared than excited :-/
@chuenoi what are you up to...having no work OR school? you lucky bum bum 
oh noes the awakening is shorter than i thought! only 150 pages not 250  what am i going to do with half my summer reading done?!
I'm certain that I was trippin when I mentioned doing wii fit. I have no choice but to take these pills for my hurty back and lay down 
I think iam done with getting this ready for today! I'am home alone  and getting hungry!
hi tweets - have a look at my new 'rearranged' shop http://bit.ly/3WgNV  - going to contune housework 
stomach ache at work &gt;_&lt; help meee  http://myloc.me/2kJy
@Dramathan o and the mystery band song comes with a special mystery photo yezzzzzir!  k gotta go 2 bed now 
Finally found a dress for the wedding but now hubbys job is in peril.  It's gonna get rocky round here. 
@kellbell68 heh.. seems like a wonderful idea, but too much of a time commitment for me for tonight, gotta goto bed soon.. stupid job 
@dg4G it would appear... meetings from 8 till 6 or 7, then comes home, eats, puts kids to bed &amp; works till 11 or so.  repeat 5 days/week. 
@ek20385 is that the first time? I asked a girl at work and she said you can see it come out in the tube  
12 page chemistry review, 2 pages done. gunna be a long night 
@JonathanRKnight - l just had a business lunch &amp; couldnt concentrate on one thing that woman was saying! I just wanted 2 sit there &amp; cry! 
Just got in the office.. kinda lazy.. my gosh.. I'm close to being fed up by my work.. 
@ajaymohanreddy v cant complete 90% of de assignments wid out internet  n i m done wid de rest 10%..
Lol well everyone I got school tomorrow goodnight! lol @IamSpectacular *cries* u tricked me! lol naw jk ill see it 2morrow i guess  
@FlyByMusic nope doesnt work. or the site. perhaps it's my end. i was on the site and then nothing. 
@e_milly byeee emily goodnight! and dont b sad shoot I wish I had an job 
really twitter, yall not gone let me change my pic and background ... 
@cathy_cochina40 yea i know! i have to find a way to get to vegas lol i wanna go but my stupid car needs work done  ughhhhhhhhhhh!
oh man I've gotta work in the morning  gross
@erinuhh - 40 in his hand helped us for about a half hour..... big red was a lost cause tho  im sorry we didnt get to hangout.. i ended-
@DebbsElli today im buying a jewllery mag, reading that, then off to the pub in the evening! work sucks 
It smells rancid in my house! But I'm gonna try and sleep anyway  goodnite twatters.
i put on my happy face tonite....although i couldnt help but feel my heart break... 
@hellomaybe coming today, good luck with the exam and sorry about the pens, i didnt know you didnt ask me gumu couldnt find those 
what a lovely day, sun is shining, shame im stuck in work 
i think im sick  my stomach hurts so bad  im going to go to the doc on thursday and get blood work done ya 
@NicolaWray likewise  now just gotta sort the travel out 
@stewartquinn jeez m8 a love these long lyes 7 hours before a start work and not a sun ray in the sky bassa 
@_shannon1234 yeah its not fun!!!   yeah u go get some sleep dont yo uhave work in the morning! when you wake up therell be a mail 4u!
over school work really cant be fucked doing it, plus dont have my laptop with all my files so &gt;.&lt; not happy. got soooo much to do 
@lilevelyn good attitude! btw wisdom teeth surgery sucks bigtime. make sure u get your fill on solid foods before u go under the knife 
@keynk hope its gnna fine till d end. nothin 2 do key, just surfin d intrnt evryday  need 2 go 2 sumwhere, but my dad still working -.-
gosh darn you new season on intervention... photo lab at 10 in da morn 
saw the saturdays (@FrankieTheSats) on myx this morning saying hi to the manila viewers &amp; stuff. wish mcfly would do something like that. 
@endlessblush moe's nearly 2 hours away from me  tis way too far :/ it's asses i like my job why can't i keep it? 
@joegronlund ooops sorry, i just saw the weather in your area!  Not nice...anyway, happy tuesday and napping maybe to you. 
@anthonyamor hey anthony i hope you wore the apron haha. we couldnt wait for the guys last night we got kicked out  left the nfg tour now
sat at college with tim &amp; tom, thinking about doing some work.. well hungry though  interesting bus journey and ive been ummm... dumped?!
ok done with my abs for the day, gotta hit the shower or else I'll be late for work. 
@ClaireEm86 oh whats that? have been sitting at lappie for 4 hours to do assignment and still have blank paper 
@the_real_adamj oh noes!  hope you find work soon and the computer situation gets sorted
had a ball camping on the weekend. sucks to be back at work  esp as i had to give an official warning to one of my guys.
feels super sick. cant sleep. cant drink or eat anything without throwing up. 
eww im so tired i hate work  and reality... why can't we be on vacation 24/7/365?
@xo_mcflyandjb omg good idea! although i have to do music study for my test tomorrow..damn!!  have fun! byee ily xoxo
just got up prepairing for college tomorrow / browsing youtube  gta find all my college stuff why can i never find it when i need it 
Nothing to do today.. unless its laundry. im still praying hard that the preschool will call and i got the job... no one eles has called 
@sage_in_spain poor kiddo  I'll be thinking of you both today, and hoping things work out ((hugs))
in class tryin to do my work but i cant coz my sunburn hurts to much, if anyone pokes or slaps it again im going to punch them 
Feels like crap and doesnt want 2 be @ work 2day 
Shit.. should update my out of office assistant, but forgot my pass at work. No way to change it from home 
@earAsol uhmm nothin much love , it's work this morning  how yu ?
My back is killing meeee  and ive got work soon, merrrhski`
freakin out at work. gotta take over the vaults for the rest of the week 
work 10-4 .. cant wait to come home and relax allll night. blah i think im getting sick 
stayin home. not feelin the greatest  hope i get called in early 4 work tomorow. I miss you @sf101
@xbllygbsn thankgod! the world'll end the day it does! lmao ;). thiiiiiink  look at the clothes on play? cause theres some nice ones?
i would so love a personal trainer! but walking is about all i can do. i have alot of problems w/ my neck  always good to try ur passion
is having a few drinks with shelby, a bit tipsy but gotta stop have work tomorrow 
@LiZAmtl ya I fell asllep w phone in my hand again. But my whole body is sore from workin out w my trainer yesterday 
on way 2 glasgow, keep gettin caught in road works  feels like its takin forever!x
@Kirstenn_ fml didnt work for me in school  .. must persuade my mum to order me sims 3.. hmm.
@xbllygbsn william, calm  whats your mum doing? :$. course a do! :$ lol
Being on a diet and forgetting your food at home sucks. I'm starving and can't eat anything at work 
at the park with my work family for this bootleg bbq. i'm going to miss these guys 
ok what dick head said sleep was overrated, ah yes ME! . 2 hours sleep and and a hangover at work. feel like shit 
Needing more coffee beans and my staff wont get me any  I need new guards
@StephanieMxx heat gone frmEdinburgh in last 2 hours - cold (er) stuff coming ur way 
work went okay. just dreading thursday 
1 more day of school  i wish it wouldnt end! im gunna miss everyone way too much
room cleaned ...feelin super good about that accomplishment. Now i guess i'll get some mor stuff done. ps2 is broke so no Ghero for me 
@Raachxx i hope i get tickets cos im in work til 12 and no one else can get them 
@lusciiousjean lol go ONLINE n we'll chat! tday is hectic! i'm handling the office alone. this is the only 5 minutes i've had to breathe 
another looong day in school tryin to get rid of some of this work  stil got my house to clean &amp;:S
omg for some reason my foot hurts so much today. I cant even walk, let alone try out my wii fit! 
workin..got a ticket on my way home from ft. campbell..maybe i really do need to slow down 
needs to be cuddled to sleep, feeling crappy again  shitty body of mine cant handle the sun.
contemplating housecleaning wishing 4 more #1 ladies dtec stories &amp; trying 2 accept may have 2 stay here 
catching up on tivo and doing some homework :/ im soo done with school right now.. and finals are coming up too! fun fun 
is only done with his second day of work and is already bringing work home...guess thats why they gave me a laptop  #fb
@meenz hahahaha yeah clearly i want to be doing anything but school work. i think it's time to be productive ? 
just got on the bus, long day at work an im beat and getting sick  sheesh
nice try steve #wiebe, power outage and kill screen at 989k   maybe next time, then make a sequel.
@TheBrite1 havent had A day like dis in a min..seems like evrything n everyone is bothering me n nothings going my way 
@JLanciano18 i wish i got that earlier than now! i got called in at work &amp; just came home  i definitely wanna come next time, let me know
my nieces are leaving me...sacramento it is  imma miss you changitasss. ahh this shit doesnt get any worse
@lordfourskin same here  im drinkin after work at the varsity grill...thats sooo long from now for a beer...it should be illegal.
360 disc read error for everything  gotta send it in 
getting my hair done for tomorrow morning. i can't believe we're actually taking our prom pics  it brokes my heart to have to say goodbye
@Killaya  sorry hun, we gotta make sure its the best one yet!
@jennyy867 hahaha why is that? and for what reason? (work all day tho  )
going to bed my face hurts  + i got alot of looking around to do...for a hall for our wedding
has meetings next week but got advance $ so now i  need an assistant to help with my shit for my show and my friend cant move out 2 help 
just woke up from a nightmare  cant fall back asleep...
ok ok, on 2nd listen, the darko quote fits into context. hope me n the limos can still be friends. 
cant sleep &amp; cant stop thinking that at this age, every day u r single makes u feel more alone  
@prateekgupta yes. i called mom to make up last night n it only got worse  also, little worried about work.
Just got back from school (Y) I have work in an hour and fuckk I'm so sick, can't hear anything  gahhh byeeeee. cmwacot&lt;3
@LebanonsAngel ya3tike l 3afieh habibi.. i miss you  sorry been out of touch... work is hell these days
Thinking of accepting a job offer in media city, its good pay, nice ppl but a 2 hr travel {one way} 
at work and really pissed. Where's the sun, huh? I put on a skirt today and now its frickin freezing outside 
grrr twittter wont work form my phone 
Going to bed....work in the morning  oh joy!
Wrapping up hacker recon, eat something, write some traffic filters and adjust my tools then to bed gotta be up by 6:45. 
the weather sucks and i wanna stay in and watch movies,cuz i know i'm going for nothing at school 
@tweakculture jealous cus i wanted to be at that today but couldnt get out of a meeting at work  I will make the 24th though
does anyone remember that I said I was gonna take the rest of the day off?  cos I'm still working.  
At work, but feel a bit sick and wanna stay on the sofa 
asparagus-season almost done  ....make shure ya get some while its still available. irie
today's history tutorial somehow works a little. and i also realise that i didnt have my lunch and breakfast.  i'm feeling super hungry nw
@ShikhaBirdie my mom went for a job to delhi yesterday....i cried thw whole weeken...everytime door bell rings i think its her 
just got up  its tooo early, and im still red+ my taper keeps coming put :/
on my way to work. :/ day hasnt even begun n im already beggin for it to end.. wont be home from work until 10pm tho  stupid evening shift
@DaniAlexLuna  @YoungQ talking to all ur friends: not all   oh well w/ all am going through doesnt faze me--400.00 travel to concert if go
internet surfing... i was so bored, seems the rain wont stop... 
another headphones just died on me(Senheiser at work)  that's third pair this year alone. fuck (pardon my french). I am headphones-cursed.
wfh today, no guesses what I'm doing - yup excel, excel, excel... Reminds me of the 'Skol' slogan... but 'cell, cell, cell,...' 
think i oughta get some housework done being as theres no sun 
Balls. Left my nice shure headphones in my desk at work. crappy ones for me today 
why oh why do i wait  until 5am to sleep when i have to get up for work in a bit 
at work at mo, i want my bed  so tired, went running yesterday wit bestie lol!!!
G'mornin...soooo freakin tired it is 6:09am!! Bout to bang out this work out real quick then take my but to school 
picking up husband from sac at 9:50 tonight, flight change   i just wanna see his face.. ugh
Goodmornin everyone im on my way 2work agin  o well da moneys good
i wanna go to the comedy festival that's coming here &amp; try &amp; get tickets to see shannon noll, but i don't think anyone will come with me 
still doing essays and wishin i was in the sun  really dont want to go to work tonight, it sucks big time..but picnic for lunch  xxx
@Dizzysongz im finna get ready for work  ..damn i dont fill like goin...who are u anyways lol
@RussellBfan90 hey .iv made the card already hun,, done it this morning  xx
@MissTush ya i'm home tonight. i know it's bloody awesome! on lunch break at the mo. going back 2 lab in 15mins  enjoying it! how's work?
@chippy80 yeh i've missed all the sun stuck away at my desk.  am pretty good besides, you?
@FrugalGaming You got my hopes up with the 120gb hard disk - but without the transfer cable and 2nd hand that's not a great deal imo. 
pulled another all-nighter, cuz I couldn't sleep   wish me a good nap later please!
i have been suffering from a terrible toothache -  if ya get a bad toothache let me tell you vanilla extract works wonders
work at walmart mcd's 1130-6 then off tomorrow...can't wait till this wave of depression lifts,feeling like crap 
Should be on my way to school, i think i'm gonna wait a while. I move better when i hear from my boyfriend--&gt; he's not awake yet. 
home alone  been studying non-stop i need a break. but everytime im having breaks... my mind kept telling me i did not study enough! help!
I am starting to get hungry again, and we have no milk at work, that sucks alot. I want milk to my coffe. 
At work, drinking coffee, kinda listening to local news...hungry as usual 
@louiseintn can I join your day camp?  I really wanna see that movie...  too bad I have this stinkin' job to pay all those bills...  
Home after work but had to put my slippers on...Wheres the sun gone? 
gettin ready for work  roll on friday!
@tallfreak nope  prob wont come till end of the week, did u get airmail stamp for it?
ughh...work in a hour..boo 
@jasminekpk im not watching anymoree  my friend said she cant go. maybe ill watch next week or something. ahah.
okay, going for a wee nap. i'm exhausted! work tonight 
dosnt feel like going to ballet..i was quite relaxed up untill i realised i had to go  i think its one of those 'your rubbish' days.
Short day of work, 2-6. Then gymin it. I'm falling apart like an old lady cuz everything hurts. 
someone at work today dared to call me fat - im not fat and im a bit upset by it 
it was awlful :| not goooood at all  yeh i cba with hist, not doing any work tonight, wil think about starting tomoz
at work.....what else is new.......my coffee taste like a donkeys ass and im hungry 
@theycallmeShua i said that i think somethings messed up inside my phone. not just the fact that the 205 wont go away. its a pos 
At work...sad about my hamster having cancer...need a drink 
at the job orientation woo alone tho, my mommy left 
6:52 i suppose i better get up and get ready for school  im so tired and i feel kinda sick, but have a nice day everyone x
ok, @awesomeblossom7. good luck on finals and all! i miss/love you xINIFNITY +id love2talk but i need2get back to muir50   . e=mc2 get it!
Looking so forward to the weekend and doing NOTHING (for a change) cant even ride my bike as its in pieces 
i'm so bored and have nothing to do. just went to new school 4 testing. i sucked...  2day: sk8in, maggs house, and hair appt... good luck.
knockknock are you home? anyway i slept alot today  very exhausted. anw show u my friend's thing http://tinyurl.com/r7akdf
I'm at work  dont finish til 7pm boohoo
@salandpepper yep, im fine, been busy myself at work  home now tho!!! xx
Lats day of work for soem peeps here at the office.  So sad, and so strange... 
I just skipped work this morning thinking it would be ok since everyone does it except for me... and I just got a phone call from da boss 
Just back from brutal practice.  but it's okay, because I only have one day to complete my mission! oh wait, how is that better? teehee!
last lecture of my freshman year!!!! yay....almost done with learning but fuck....this weekend is really gonna suck studying 
cant work out if hes playing games or not 
cant stay mad. kjasdkjsdagjklsdgjklasd 
Sitting at work bored as hell watching the rain fall. I need a damn computer or a crackberry 
i didnt wake up early enuff for my work out  stupid me...now im gonna be at wrk alll day no workout no energy  saddness.
@beautymoogle ohhh im so jealous! its so nasty out.. u did the right thing. i tohught about taking off too but too much work to do. 
@waltocm yeah... well.. i dont have anything to get ready for... my girl  aint off work til 5. 
ok i guess we wont get into the tending topics today  seriously im having my shower now! x LOL tweet ya later guys! xx
i have a feelin ill be stuck at work longer than im supposed to 
lookin forward to giving aber a proper send off tonight, espesh with my left over alcohol. althou blubbering and goodbyes will be to sad 
@pixiesongs wish I cod hve made it, but had work  cme to london again pls!
Oops forgot my shoes for work, gotta go back and get them instead of staying at the bbq for an hour 
@ritaolds I like your #you'reafunboy funnies you got goin on right now!  Wish I had time to play!  lmao I seriously gotta sign off &amp; work 
sick  called off work, my boss hates me and i have graduation tomorrow..sweet
@trishofthetrade have you heard anything further about the walk? I don't know where training is, etc. 
havent been able to finish any of my work as i had to handles dads stuff before he leaves india tomorrow 
I gues I'l go shower and cool down  damn camera i hate you
@rallyrach77 i'm with u there babe! i got work 2moro as well   pepsi all the way!
@lukehagfors That sucks man  I would try to boot from your favorite rescue disk (linux, win) and try to access the drive from that.
is raining tomorrow!!so i really dont know what i should wear!!  &amp; yeah 4. going to tha church &amp; 5.eating dinner at the brothaa of my dad.
@victoire25 cuddles are the best, I miss stuff like that  make sure you get extra's for the yesterdays shift
@k_love032705  have not been able to find anything new (pics) on rob for the past 24-48 hours  poor rob, he is harrassed!! lol
@triciaaax3 oh my god! i think that the whole group needs a lot of work! we don't stay together i keep going to fastt.  just dance mostly
going to hartke pool with stacy, work tomorrow tho 
@tommcfly if this happen, when u come back to south america u can stay more days in brazil HAHA kidding  poor fans, they'll understand!
ughh I ran over something omw from work. Now I have a flat tire and missed my appt 
@ work with anxiety...idk but I'm not myself today  I just want to lay in bed n watch tv...
i've been banished from tweetsville for a whole hour coz i over-tweeted, didnt kno there was such a thing!  think i need help...
@daniespice oh yah girl i really want u to come see green day with us.. but i dont think ud get a ticket near us  grr
cleaning my room  definitely not the way u want to spend ur friday
O hay panic disorder, i missed you.  not.    why you always gotta come when i'm at work?!
@znuriddin I dunno yet girrlll!!  I will deff let u know tho bc u better come out!!! :-D new smile &amp; new meeee! Lol
just got home from the yearbook stuff(didnt have to stay!!) theres a mistake on my page  owell cant change that now!!!
@amazingbianca i wish i could boo, they only give us two ticket  &amp; i found where im workin with no problem. thank you for your help!
is feeling like hammered shit and wants her boyfriend to get a proper job so that she doesn't have to go to bed alone every damn night. 
im sooo sorry i cant follow any 1 back i said ill pay but its not let n me this sucks  how ever ill try my best 2 get at all yall
on my way home from work..kinda depressed bc the julianne hough concert was canceled 
@EmKayZee so I was def gonna go work out tomorrow before work ... too bad the srsc doesnt open til 8am on the weekends ... 
There are only 3 of us here, you know wat tht means, playing non stop 
@TWANI_E won 1 &amp; lost 2, bt we ate @ 7 dis morn &amp; didnt get 2 eat again til 5:30 wit 3 games nbetween tht time so we wer hungry &amp; tired! 
moving very slowly while getting ready to head to boston  anyone wanna come buy me a drink? maybe alcohol is the new asprin.
Almost home....finally....but i have a headache  whats everyone doin tonight?
@lelebaby21 your a loser just 4 not takin me 2 the concert im hurt ugh...wait till u get home 
yay! its been a fun lazy day. layed out, played wii, watched old home videos (: but tomorrow i gotta get my butt back to studying  uhhh!
just got home from the senior march thing/talent show. &lt;3 imma miss them 
@ashley_mac nah just got home from work and no one is around 
@ryanferreira I have a bio take home test thats 98 questions and I have to start reading a book thats due monday. It sucks 
@mariodaily aawww yeah work!  But thats cool.. no sweat. i just appreciate the support!
out of work finallyyy ;) gonna stay home to night and relax damnn im tired 
@_wendy_r_ you've GOT to be kidding. you should just go stay in a hotel and demand to be reimbursed- this is ridiculous-you need rest!! 
Hates different work schedules. and not being able to see a certain someone til wednesday  this is killing me.
@lightsresolve wish I coulda been there, damn work  it's been so long, I miss ya boys! haha
@amy2011 im sry that u hurried home 2 get ready 2 go wit me after work... and i didnt make it 
rest in peace grandma. gone but never forgotten. gonna put her 6 feet under the ground tomorrow      love you&amp;miss you!  &lt;/3
http://twitpic.com/6q2c2 - check out this kick ass camera by dad brought home from work. it takes amazing pics. i wish i could keep it 
In a lot of pain. And I really wanna see my babe 
Hey tworld! how u doin this mornin? I'm nearly at work... Yes I kno I'm slyly late..lol..  I really wantd 2b on tym 2day! I woke up late
please pray for my grandma shes in the hospital she has broken her hip and gone threw surgery she seemed ok today but is still in pain 
Mookyeong is gone  lets hang out at americana and my house a lot! good luck at irvine, we will all miss you  wear the shirt when u move!
gonna watch prozac nation &amp;then I'm calling it a night. blown away by how quickly someone can be here and then gone. rest in peace 
So I meant to be productive today: go to the gym, look for a job, work on my website. But instead I went to ruby tuse and ikea with mom. 
I gotta find better ways to work out...I need to lose weight 
@wicked12 put my tix on ebay 2nite, hope someone buys them! can't afford 2 sets  seats r getting closer, found row k 2nite, i have Q
the end of work, you type 1/2 your tips which they take outta your check. I typed 40 on accident. I'm going to lose 80 from my check... 
should b sleepin but im sitting under the dryer gotta try n get the hair decent 4 school 2morrow 9-5 so sad... so sad... 
gotta love either's walk off  double! cant wait for kuroda pitch tomorrow. i gotta stay up and pick up my wife @ the airport @ 3 am 
oh my got a headache from hell from last nights party..i just want to sleep but hey duty calls (work) 
@angyland pretty spunky cant go to party tonight anymore  what about you
finally home its 330 here and i gotta get some rest to try and get some floor tickets to blink 182 in the morning or im stuck with seats 
Still feel shit. Not enjoying this in the slightest  At least I get to see all my lovely work friends today, never thought i'd say that...
I am just chilling at home with kids...and guess what...will have to do loads and loads of work today 
@rachelgriffith I just had mine done last weekend...no more greys thank goodness...yep @35 I have some grey 
I just saw a bum shake a payphone till it spat out a bunch of quarters... What a champ  wish I'd  thought of that 
@AlandaKariza alhamdulillah he's a superhero so he doesnt stay on bed too long :p he's home now, got something with his kidney  thx love!
Ughhhhh on ma way 2 work  feel like I'm the only soul up dese hrs on a saturday n all ma funnies is sleep 
last day in london. i feel pretty sad tbh. i really dont want to go back to normal life 
@ponyy i was trying to research when the new one comes out and stumbled across some site that said 2. i cnt remember the site tho 
about to board my plane.. by myself.. goin to oklahoma.. 
At starbucks on my way to work  its just to early to be at work on saturday
I think I'm gunna have to go sit down in the kitchen to study cause my back is killing me the now sat on my bed 
spent the mornin drinking coffee n catching up with my husband, abt to start @ college work 
Going to bed cause i gotta wake up at 7 30 tomorrow for work  goodnight twitter world.
at work and kinda sleepy, wish that the coffee room wasn't all locked up on saturdays 
Ugh work today im so tired  dont feel like going and its going to be cold ugh
@LauraRIOT Because shit loads of booze is high in calories and.. I have work 
@LaurRenee wish I could make it... gotta work 2day  have fun...congrats!
exhausted work til 1. worst weeek by far, js soo gooddaymm upset 
@MakurManSaiDam  hey no laughing  lol nah but i went cuz a friend wanted me to go cuz it was there first day of work there...
Breaking my back on the new outside kitchen  grrrr but the result wil be fantastic....... I think ....  Lets fond out in a few minutes
Is annoyed the queue for the new milkshake place is massive  sad times and hopes the sims 3 will work on my mac!
No kids this weekend, I get to sleep in....oh wait...I have a cpr class, gotta get up early   
ain nobody tryna be at work this early 
@ShibbyJinkies Kimmmmm  we gotta hang out.  sorry im bad at txting ive been uber busy at work and then when i get home my brain like melts
@janetfungus i know. dont worry. its fine  i wont force u to choose n feel bad. atleast drop in at the start? for like 10mins? 
moving day lot of strangers in ma house dont like it 
@Twofine5 thas wussup u shud go..i wish i had sumthin 2 do 2day  guess i mite study..prolly not
@justdoit247 ugh ur good cuz my head is pounding an I'm at work 
As tired as I am, I need to get a big chunk of my hw done so i can go shopping.  
hey wats up im on my way 2 arkansas right now!!! yay!!! i cant wait driving in the car is a drag though!!!ugh%%   
Shit i forgot my phone cant make calls. so im stuck waiting outside of my work till someone opens the door 
watchin bill pack for iraq...and gettin extra sad, tour number 2  no fair
a lot of my friends are teachers and i see them whine that summer v couldnt come any sooner. makes me wonder if my teachers did the same 
Just told a random old swiss woman that I'll be attending her bible study tomorrow. I'm so gonna let her down  bless her though
gotta get some sleep....i have a lot to do today with my car and cell phone   anyone wanna join in my adventure?
im being so lazy today, i have no nothing! annnnnd, i tried to start following someone but the button wont work hmmph 
fell asleep cuz tummy started acting up again, didnt get work done  off to campus now to print off permission forms for filming
[-O] @ryanneumann, I wish I was at your bbq man  I am at work instead http://tinyurl.com/n8y6mw
Filming the whole day cant look at a camara anymore 
@PinupLisaLove 2 reasons: 1) money's tight right now and 2) i have finals starting monday so im studying and doing homework 
Its looks like its gonna rain.   I'd much rather sit home, take naps, and watch movies until I have to go pick up my hubby from work.
@sc_mu tnxs 4the call.tired. a day 2 think. need to have life yep I  feel depressed     too much .
@robobabe hmm yes haha. seriously tho, if you get the chance, go and see it. anyway, what's the weekend had/got in store? it's raining 
darn can't bid for auction item on ebay - got to go to work!  It's no good working nights lol
Crazyyy stalker chick always at my house dont come home brain if yu get this 
oh boy what can happen next, i hope everything works out ok for my car 
@maddiequus Shes a no go for the show. Shes staying home to get a bunch of things done. 
looking after a cat is hard work  have to go get her to sleep noww. listening to: futures - jimmy eat world &lt;33
done cloud hoppin' until dec. thank goodness. i felt sick by the last flight. 
i swam got darker hung out with the bestie...this day cant get better! but it can and just did get worse 
Just did my brothers homework.why dont i get fun homework like that anymore! 
hates her job  dont get off till 6 
at home! my back hurts so much! i wanna take a nap , but guess what? the bf's coming over .. 
eff work! freakin hella busy! 
Tired but finally done w/ my epidemiology lab project! now i gotta meet w/ my group at the library  wishin for sleep or coffee bean &lt;3
wel,l just checked in on little bear, hes fast asleep in noddy land...bless him, watching sex and the city then its early night for work 
@cutiemcfruity hey let me know if your fast forward speed thingy works. It doesnt in alot of game, mine included 
Doing college work on my saturday night off...oh dear! 
has to wait till monday to have someone look at his laptop 
Decided about an hour ago to skip work, prob a bad decision but i really think I have a fever, can't find the effing thermometer though 
ok so i know pple dont even look at mine so yeah i am have friend troubles any help?? who am i kidding no one will answer me....  BBOOO!!
jess what are you doiing today? work! see ya'll all at 8! 
@baiganchoka it's kewl i just got back home too.. i didn't get you anything pretty either couldnt walk too much 
I hate being stuck at work on a saturday night!! this sucks!! 
think i might have some crisps.. im hungry!! again!!!!!! no eating tomorrow.. ive been naughty 
I should really get some sleep. I gotta get up for work at half 7. But as usual tv is distracting me 
@Wogalino omg, can we golf at some point today!? PLEASE!!! maybe not right now, i really should do some work first 
i need a clean room. missing my baby love wont see her til monday 
@honorsociety i wish :/ you guys arent doing it for tacoma 
@j3bu it's going to have more content to fill it, just need to get uni folio done before i finish the site  glad you like mate!
hangin out before work.. hate my shitty schedule 
@ans_rocks yea were the loser's stuck at work!  lmao
okay, my life has been full of let downs. one of them being ian crawford leaving the cab...  good luck, ian, i wish you the best.
@chrisMibacache ye i figured i shld study lol lots of ppl leave projects till the last mintue..like me! lol being sick isnt fun at all! 
@KChenoweth I'm sorry you're still sick babe  hope you feel better very soon!! take a day or 5 and rest ok? you deserve it. love ya.
@NOiiivir booooo. work till 11 is no fun. esp on a saturday 
ohh.. c'mon keep moving forward, keep moving on!!--even if it takes a lifetime 
I think I'm gonna take a shower, maybe eat somethin &amp; go to sleep. me no feel good. 
gotta work tonight... that = gay... because i know they are going to have us do a bunch of gay stupid crap 
ok its getting old now... where is my purse. otherwise i cant catch me train tomorrow 
Doubt was fantastic, but I wish @leecuts could have been there  oh well. sleep soon, maybe. gotta work in the morning.
guess i gotta go to bed with a sad face tonight  .... sometimes life sucks.. bye  xoxo
runningmaggie yeah, the work would be ok, but she only wants to pay 5% of rental, so if no rent, no $ for me. 
kathee work that bike! just went hiking my feet hurt really bad...missed marks bday  ...im gonna stay up all night..call me !
Still have some kind of bug hope its gone bye tommorow so ya pretty much feeling like crap 
@AshleyBankz awww shud of went to da spa...myself jus tryin to relax @ work/find sum1 to take to da movies manana...so far no luck 
well twitters,  I go away, cuz i feel a bit sick  talk to you tomorrow ,
just got back from a party  had soo much fun...but i gotta work on a LOT of hw tomorrow 
Hoping for a late nite rush cuz summer fest killed my business other than drunk old guys breaking glasses 
had to cancel houston  gas going up and now without a van things are getting rough. more pre-production and hopefully atlanta in 7days
oh god and while i went out grocery shopping today, i left a bag of stuff at the store!  annoying &amp; dumb. gotta go back to get it tmrw
is going to try and sleep for a few more minutes....he throat is so sore...can barely swallow (or talk) w/o pain  crap! probably no gig...
woke up early... think i am gonna start with my english talk :S i hate talks.. and really in english......... 
one of those mornings when u wake up and u know things wont ever be the same again 
@MDabbles yo! what ja doin? can'at find anything good on TV at this hour 
Morning everyone *yawn* ugh work in an hour... i don't wanna get up 
Weekend turned out kind of boring and I'm missing a special someone  Lots of work to start on tomorrow...cant sleep though.
cant sleep  tonight is going to suck, but got some stuff to give me some energy for the gym tomorrow! lets hope that works out....
my hair looks nice today, shame I have to put it up for work... 
gettin my hair done in a couple of hours  im sad coz i dnt kno how its gonna turn out. on the bright side its bright outside do yaay.
@bkzzang people from seagate will come and pick up the hdd. if firmware problem they can restore data but if not then no luck 
done nothing yesterday aswell, could have went to coloursfest grrr 
Just woke up yawn and got to get ready for work  nice day tho xx
another bad nights sleep. dont feel rested at all, and everyone  else is still asleep. poop 
Still hv heaps of clearing 2 do 2day! So difficult 2 decide wht 2 put in storage &amp; wht 2 leave out. A lifetime acquiring things now ths 
ok.. dinner time then going to try and hide for an hour.. bet i dont manage it though  cya laters
I g2g got lots of house work to do  bye bye xx
@togusachan i know, everyone's firefox works okay. except for mine. it's been months and i have tried re-installing it. no progress. pfft 
@heykelly_ you saw atl? fuck you  i had work placement all week.
guess im done online. about to fix some breakfast and iron clothes for the day. 
On my merry way 2 work. Again....can't wait til l8er. Lastnite was nice....til it was time 2 say goodbye. 
@MSquires17 i was at work. people kept posting that they ate fritz on my facebook status  and rolf is ok. am going 2 try the pound 2mrw
@christina_82 just chillin watching F1, done far too much over last few days, so back v sore, but my own fault   used to the pain now tho
@Kriptic just done AS level so i still have another yr   when yu done?
Tired at work with headache  7 more hours to go...oh and getting up at 530 am tommorrow...good times
@Joitou2 thats awesome! im not giong 2 1 though because my concert sold out in like 15 mins and i wasnt even home when they went on sale 
off ta work  ... hope da day goes by fast ...
I like days like these. To chill and be warm at home! (After work) problem is its fucking june!! Wats wrong wit chicago? 
ucas declined me :| shit is going down tomorrow in college. i fancy some soup. and maybe a bit of harry potter, but i dont know which 
The problem with starting an agency from scratch: I'm creative, billing guy, new biz guy, account exc, etc - today will be a 13 hr day 
Bout to get dressed for work...  can't wait to finish college an start my CAREER cuz idk how people work these dead end jobs as careers!!
just read in the papers that we had an earthquake yesterday :S ahhh anyway enough of this i have assignments to get on with  booo!
@Jiehsikahhh I cant  vote  at all   wont  load
can't do anything today but stay inside  think im gonna clean my room for when @concetta427 arrives on friday!
@2becca9 your right were stuck coz our feet dont work atm 
@SaraMcFlyx_x I'm balcony standing for the saturdays so dougie wouldn't be there  x
sleep time... had a fun nite playing board games and wii !! work early tomoz  but sleep in on tues !
@philrox oh man, that sucks! i gotta finish a lot of homework as well 
is at the library doin group work.... BORING! cant wait to be done with classes- oh wait i get a 7 day summer break!       Lakers tonight!
is being a fat ass and having a cheeseburger deluxe! woow its so delicious! lol hope everyone is enjoying the weather, im stuck @ work 
filming plans got pushed back  rain please dont come back til im done!
Aww i was doing well on the homework but now im stuck.  lmao
haha i have lotsa chores that i dont feel like doing  im eating my lunch now two.
at work on a sunday  dammit imma miss the hell out of @nessb0o
im hungry. i should probably eat something. duhh..i miss my ravrrrrrr...come home bacon! 
just got home, work at 2..dont really have time to take a nap  i need to eat, wash my face, do my hair and makeup 
@chelseamonet ahh nooo! the dude was like.. im busy..come back next week. there was a bunch of those black girls who only mug at the shop 
doin my coursework  big brother eviction tonight..haha)cant wait
i hat e doing french h/w 
im getting depressed  where has all the sun gone? i got woken up at 6am by fucking thunder! my whole house was shaking. i thought it was
after doing a game show in the hot sun for 2 hrs i just wanna pass out but lucky me i have homework to do 
another boring restless sunday at work. and its so pretty out 
I gotta say buh bye to my blackberry tomorrow  &amp;get another new one! I wish they'd just give me the right one &amp; make sure it ain't broken!
@ashley_elayne i knowwwwwww all freaking day man, kellys done her stuff shes just not been interviewed or a performance played yet  
I had all intention to workout after work...I think imma go home a take a nap instead   so dissappointed in myslef.
blah blah blah lets go get hit on by creepers at work 
@fluffyflo oh mann!  not good, might come and see you second lesson tomorrow, you in?xx
everyday feels like a monday when mcfly is not in brazil anymore 
finished with my make up hair and clothes now. hubby barely stepped in the shower. almost 2 in the afternoon. wont get to grama's till 3 
workin on my english paper  and then if i finish in time ill get ahead with finals so tht i can finish early next week! last working days
@darksknbeauty so i def wud come with u and tell my prof a bullshit story  but i have a test on friday so icant  anyway wat r u doin now
and im regretting wasting 2 whole days, when i could have got my entire homework out the way  im such a jerk.
I need service for my blackberry.   But I dont' want to hurt my pockets. lmao  I think i'm gonna go buy a cheap ass go phone soon.
@_MeganAlyse  just remember this too will pass, sucks! I had one last nite at work...murphy's law!
gonna sleep and dream of happy things hopefully. one week of uni left i dont wanna say good bye to my class 
@KroKKaulitz soo true theres just tons&amp;tons of homework to do 
lazy sunday...yuck work tomorrow 
wishes she could have have taken her lil sister to the taylor swift show tonight. it sucks being poor.  oh well.... that's life i guess.
tryin to watch friday but it wont work 
@xosnowkissedxo join the crappy club 
im gonna be sad when i have to wear actualfax clothes tomorrow  only good thing about finals: you can look like a bum and no one cares.
met a cute guy from san fransico who is leaving tomorrow  why do the cute ones never have extended stays
got driven home from work early by andre because i didnt feel good  &lt;3
@jansenn hmm. nope didnt work  haha
@Nadds it's been a good weekend overall, tonights been a bit bumpy suddenly but I'm sure it will pass...oh yeah just in time 4 work tmrw! 
@xShellNvrBeMex3 you better come in thursday or ill have to kick your butt lol...and work was busy as hell but i cried bc i didnt see u 
@danecook hope you have a good show. im so jealous my mom gets to go and not me 
goodnight twitter land.  got 2 get up @ 355am to go 2 work.      tmmrw is going 2 suck!
@thee_juice work is super dead and going by really slow  a lost appitite is what I need for like 4 months so I can easily diet! LOL
wish i could bail out on work tmrw, but i live w my store manager! stuck in downtown disney traffic, tryna get home 
layin in  bed..should be sleeping by now..work at 8...fml..i cannot stop thinking baout everything thats going wrong with life 
@miszxashleyy yea it is cuz the company is sendin out like 4bids at once. im up to my eyeballs in work 
Finding to do things around ur house can b bored!! when everybody sleep 
Ugh i gotta get up early tomorrow to be at work at 10  bleh
so the stand is finally put together but me and molly arent strong enough to lift the tv onto the stand.. sad  any guys wana help??
tried ass fuck thought gotta work tomorrow 
this darn insomnia.... and i can't even do anything constructive with my time. I left my art projects in the other room  (cant wake mum..)
@andrewjpan i cant i'm at work lah! cant tk a nap 
Now im going to try and get some sleep wit all the stuff thats going on in my life 
3 weeks till my hols,gota start doin some exercises 
@chatrinidad ...i feel ya. i've all my socials stuff in front of me for the last 3 hours too, nothing's in my head 
Desperatly wants to get his application done grrr it's soooo frustrating 
ve to continue wit my work  monday blues...!!!!!!
so bored right now... gonna try and fall asleep after these sleeping pills work. I got a dr's appt. tmrw so I can't sleep in  life sucks!
@kum72 @viveksingh  Ooopsie! guess my work has taken away the fun from my life!
@melmonroe25 holy shit no way no effin way! ok ill see but im not here during the summer 
geez, noones awake?? ugh monday  i hate mondays even tho im done with school.
@jmontano1 haha yeah I do too and I was just with him! He was gonna spend the night but someone jacked the bed I sleep on. Lol shittt 
@_CorruptedAngel hmm - 2 lessons to teach and loads of admin to do  What about the world of dental assisting? *biggest hugs*
@borgesano4 It's hard work ya know! I even turned down champagne at a baptism yesterday 
why am i still up...and starving at that....imma be tired tomorrow for work. geeze 
I can't believe we r out  reality check for our lads they gettin to big for their boots start to learn hw play the dam short balls!
@geleenxx it doesnt work   oh and i totally forgot bout wat i had to do to you at lunch damnnn! dw i wont forget nxt time ;)
Morning! Just woke up and going to have a lazy day and maybe later go job hutting  How boring is life when theres nothing to do?
Papermail done, now eMails (&gt;1000) 
cant work out if my headache is a result of too much sun or too much booze yesterday. 
@Divvi oh i swear! tht 2  i took work bk for the weekend, but cudn't get to it 
@tim_cooke work has just been shocking, uninteresting , bland, bitchy. and i miss the weekend  and i am annoyed because...
puttin down this great book to catch some zzz's! gotta get up early for 1st day of summer school.  &amp; help bro get some classes. whatev!
scroll doesnt work on the mouse, its bugging me... i didnt get my reeses pb cups!  hopefully tomorrow! thats whats new... fascinating huh?
Is tired helping mom wth her work....phew!      
im wrecked at 8pm  i feel like a grandpa... it got dark so quick tonight! tried to catch some waves after work.... fail.
is feeling verrry sleepy...cant work anymore...............  
had the worst nose bleed ever ths morning!!! it just wouldnt stop! i nearly fainted!!!.......now im at work and feeling dodgy as hell 
our rabbit has an inflamed spinal cord so her back legs dont work. If the meds dont work by fri she has 2 b put down 
Just starting this tweet thing cuze so bord at work I do graveyard at a local mall how fun is that 
no sugar in my house this AM  buying coffee today. dub/funky to relax my mind before work.
work gets crapper and crapper every day 
Hellu everybody and my twitterfrends.... Whats going on 2day?.... But at first hav to do for ma work... It is so much work 
I would hold planning meetings in the local starbucks, but it's a little too small 
I'm just gonna have learn to face the fact that I won't ever get to go to allentown as long as I keep my current summer job 
hi, just sitting in bed ill after a busy weekend dancin, hope am better for 2moz as it my birthday  x
off school due to my sore arm and the fact i can't be bothered with english and psychology ;) but i'll have to go tommorow obv 
@stephenfry oh how the other half live. Mean while in boreland the rest of us are stuffed into offices 
gah got top tomorow morning fucking hell i hate that class so much  gonna try and change hope they move me or i will refuse to do work!
@chris_Face888 awww  dont worry.. you will get job some day! 
@livileah88  not going good at all today. still smoking - my willpower gone out the window and im stressed out for no reason wish i drank 
wants to meet emi  so bad. anyone fancy a road trip to reading anytime soon?
@JonathanRKnight SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO upset that I did not get to meet you last nite in the meet &amp; greet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what the heck!!! 
help peeps? i need atleast 100+ votes maybe get a chance to act get anything. i srsly need the ipod shuffle cus i need new earset 
@caitiejayne hahah really ! thats sad for u  my o key plays up sometime and my m one it annoys me .
@amytheordinary I know he's such a fucking good distraction. But I have to sleep. Long days at work 
@DiaBellaChange yea that's true, still bummed though cuz now I have to wait a whole 'nother year  work sucks, can't believe i slept til 4p
Forcing myself to get out of the bed, gotta go look at a puppy for my gpa's birthday  I want one!!
getting ready for work.. woot  not fair my dog gets to sun bath in the back yard while i have to work grrr wanna trade lives?
im bout to put my headphones on and watch a movie. to sleepy for work. 
I'm up &amp; at work. I don't feel anything this mornin.  I'm numb 
wicked nite saturday ... damn side effects ... ohh now i gotta to do work 
i got basketball camp this week only 4 2 hrs tho    im still at my moms work and it is rly boring here...sum1 save me from this misery!!
plans didnt work out..gran got sick  going to Leons house now..movie night! lol
is bored at work , stuck here until 6  day off tomoz tho but have to start moving my stuff back to my mums steves goes monday 
wishing ppl didnt feel the need to fill you u on what u did during a night of heavy drinking....not nice 
tummy ache...knee ache...looks like im falling apart  time for work...
Always tryn to stop something ok guys gone miss two dys of school gotta do all my work today!!!  its for a good cause though 
oh shit. SO's department has individual meetings with the boss - the first chick was laid off.  hope they're not laying them all off!!
at work mad as hell about my car and how i am gonna get another one??????? 
off to go shoot germans on call of duty 3...cant find modern warfare or world at war 
@thesldude86 poor shia seems like ur havin kind of a rough day  try to get some rest..relax
@_wendy_r_ aww  well, at least the stressful waiting is over! something good will come along, i'm sure. good luck w/ house-hunting!
@JonathanVaccaro it seems like youre always doing yardwork! or atleast trying  ah
guess what guys!!!!! our container just arrived, the bad news. is monday and we have to un load it 
As it's pissing down, I thought i'd better get the enormous pile of washing done thats built up over the last week  Wheres the sun gone!
left work early ; nd feelin like death  someone come take care of me
I keep calling to try and win backstage passes to red white and boom... Three phones and still no luck eh 
back from gym gettin ready for work, cant help it but feel weird, something is not right 
My tv radio thing dont work anymore due to the conversion.  no soaps today.
@sherchanel  you're going with antoinette? damn work to hell..ughhh. fuck paying for school.
have practice at 8 everyday! im so worn out... where did my summer go? 
I miss my baby tonight, I just so wanna jump in a cab and go see him 
@lmk_999 aww cum on do u really want the thunder N lightenin 2 reach us 
I feel like im messing everything up at work..apparently the weekend completely erased my brain 
@RomperSt0mpeR haha awe it's bc of that damn bright room. Too bad I'm stuck at work I wish I was there instead 
college work  almost at the end tho!! hmm where have these last 3 yrs gone! hopefully rugby starts again soon! i miss playing  x
i seriously need to get away for a break,but have a lot to do at home,wish cud go back 10 years...life isnt that easy i guess 
@watsoncomedian hey any chance theres any tickets spare for the 24hr show? i only just got in and they're all gone 
OK so i've been working on this transcription sense 10:00 this morning... and i still have 12 min and 18 sec. left...  this take too long.
@WillyDope hell naw i didnt  out of commission. i wulda been got another one, however im saving for furniture for my new place
@ixheartxdonnie girl i stopped by ur work today to say hey but u not there  sniff sniff
goin to get ready for work  super lame!!!!! but i get off kinda early so idk just gotta make it through these 7 hours :/
got my days that i need off from work for concerts..boss seemed cool about it..wish i could see boys to men tho but dont want 2 push it 
why did  @nth452 never ask me for a track list - she must have hated my cd.  oh well such is life
is at the library cuz my freaking computer doesnt work anymore 
noooo! my dad gave away all of the good left overs! we had hella food nd now we have like nothing to eat 
@jayLOVELY i kno u aint trippin cuz u dont care bout me  lol but have fun at da pool...ima go one of these days...wat time u work tomorrow
Two more problems til I'm (kinda) done with homework! Unfortunately, next week's is already waiting for me. 
@whatswhat_sian oh crap ! now i feel a little sorry as i hate house work 
@ddlovato aww im one year too old to vote  shall i lie about my age and vote anyway lol, if i get caught ill say you made me do it haha
@sammyw1974 My love wont talk to me either...went offline and was gone... 
Its new patient palooza in pt today. wonderful. someone please massage my hamstring 
is at jose's house,in his room,alone!  that graduation practice better finish up real quick ahaha. jk 
well twitterverse off to bed up at 6am for work  tweet tomorrow goin to c last house on left, let u no wat think!
getting ready for work while my sister stays in her pj's and plays wii.. aahhh to be young again 
@seanlancaster oota love time differences. was 4am when u msged. Students dont have course cretor access in a moodle 
@AndreaDeneen truu  umm i think im stayin in... go eat or something!
@fErNniii oh that sucks  ....i just cant wait too show the guys at my school us girls can beat their buts lol
@cOurtnay21w  helpin wit some gas money... to help me get the bag I've wanted for 3 days...thats like butt far away...  I wasn't very cle
I gotta do some homework too  someone come do my math please!
@jakeashley hurry up n finish  work theen... humph... im soooooo lonely  p.s im still in your bed
work tomorrow  gotta hop in the shower. at least I get to see @eep16 and erica at lunch! amazeballs lol
when i say math final tomorrow i really mean  guess im in a happy mooddd.
@Iamhollyywood awh...ok....  i should pick a better night 2 tak off work
@li2active oh man take care! I don't think i'll be free anymore on thurs I have to go meet my supervisor at 2 &amp; I need to do work b4 tat 
@myler if there isn't then I think, yes, there may be a shoot on friday with @kimguanzon @authalic and @coreyluke. I'm out of town. sad. 
home with my leprechaun  this pr shit better come thru fast, i miss being taken care of!
home without my leprechaun  this pr shit better come thru fast, i miss being taken care of!
really thirsty watching /film. cant get water as no glass and will make too much noise to go downstairs 
@stabbedbygrace come visit me and jess jess at work were so bored 
chillin at home talkin to and old friend and waiting to hear from my baby  cant wait to see him tomorrow! work too though  pray for rain
@gammatron i honestly dont know  and im very prone to accidents around cardboard boxes at work which is why i have band-aids on haha
i think im gettin sick....  too much damage done to my immunes system this weekend. lol
Just dropped a bill and a half on groceries  well, thats what i get for waiting for so long.
@ingenueperspect we went to sushi friend...they have $1/pc sushi on monday nights! no veg though  i want to try that! any recommendations?
@gitoo lmao yeah i was on the women's team. i was the shit. now i'm in stupid housewares aka i gotta close the whole top floor by myself. 
Still at work  guy doesn't understand that if you use ur phone in the gulf we gonna charge u for it
@xoxohaileyxoxo dude i know  well i can get outta the house til 11, so as long as rachels available, we should do something!
i &lt;3 run's house...but shit its taking me away from my homework  ahhhh 4 more classes 5 more assignments
So...long day of work today...and it's kinda weird going to bed right after  goodnight anyways people!
worst $3.75 spent . the put no love into my frappuchino  ! lol ftw your not suppose to make extra stops on my trip to starbucks.
@CaitPoland  hey sorry i havnt been able to talk all day  i was at work,&amp;now my screenname wont sign on.but i need to study.quiz tomorrow
@BryanRicard lol sorry  soon though. i gotta go to bed, i slept like shit last night. maybe u should study :p
lookin at my cma fest pics for the jabillionth time today. cant get over some of the great and dissappointing things  had SO much fun!
@keymah lmao fineeeee ima stay home no1 wants 2 go anyways hmph! 
layin n bed wishin i was sleep...work 2 morrow 
hungry  someone please bring me leftovers from whatever you had for dinner! that wud be thoughtful and i will be grateful! thanks!
@words_akimbo nawww i can't make it cos i gotta work that night  but @liketati is supposed to come pick up the tix today.
is gonna fix myself for school! I love the rain! But not at the moment!  http://plurk.com/p/118nd0
@psychwrites what time? I always seem to miss things like that cos of work 
@ampersandwiches things have been ok - i've got an insane schedule at work ..  .. and the online isolation isn't helping 
@hotforwords I use a natural sleep strip that contains melatonin among other things. But that wont help you for tomorrow. 
cant sleep. reminiscing on dem good ol quince practice days   cant wait till dis weekend!!!
@jaimyjay fuck. i have to go to the desert for my bro's bday wed and thurs. i really hope we can make a date work out. . .! 
feeling vom-ish, headachy &amp; pitiful, and hubs isn't home yet... waaaaaaah, someone take care of me already 
@aLLy_yong just change battery cover ba.... i gave up my lunch and went to service centre  hungry now
@tina_roxx yeah but im back.. im doing school work, too much hw to do 
sickness i be in  not only that but i  found out i suffer from ocd.i hope it doesnt get outta control :/ night love ya'll
im just chillin @ home alone...while my bf is @ work 
@christinerobles lucky! i tried installing aim on mine n it wont even log in  oh well. i guess its a sign that i should start homework lol
@HazelRosli hey guess what.. remember i was saying my cat was sick..? well.. frodo died 2 weeks ago, 20 minutes after i left for work 
ahhh i cant sleep... this sucks... especially when i gotta work in ohhh 5 hours 
Tired . . . just got home from work  , takin a quick shower then OUT . . . don't bother me -_-
Still feeling like crud.  Probably spending tomorrow at the doctor's figuring this out for good!
@tommygunn01 oh now that's mean  someone needs to spring me from work - won't even be able to tweet it #stupidkickofftimes #lions #rugby
@SamuelW_ my day was fantastic, besides work. cloud 9 for me. sorry youre having a challenging moment. major suckage. 
@sjm28 just tried and still no luck,aww sarah  hope your feeling better soon,ive got a right headache at the min
@kimothyanne good luck, hope ya ain;t got anything to bad! let us know how ya feeling for rehearsal tomorrow?!  
@dettebolton just as I was about to tell you something important in my life you sign off... thanks friend!  talk to you tomorrow hahahaha
hate work placement...my feet back and hands hurt  wanna be back at school...
needs to rise above all the crap from other ppl, but its so hard when they just wont leave u alone and let u b happy 
why wont facebook work?!?! my crops are going to die!!    -i think im going to go watch some more 80s movies.
does not get why mum cant just spare $20 to help pay for my short stack ticket!!!!!!! grrrrrrr 
@darsky that's gonna feel wonderful sitting in a plane for 10 hours.  hope ya find your magic juice. 
idk if it's cash or alle i hear snoring, but it's keeping me up! miss the bestie @xTR_ASHx &amp; want to see herrrr sooner rather than later 
gone to work... mondays- wednesdays always suck! hope it goes by fast so I can come home to my lovely bed.. tired of bein tired! 
Smelly is in his gamer phase and i am fucking irritated! going crazy from staying at home. wish i have a zinger burger in front of mi now 
@nanashambles looks like I'll be staying in the office until 8pm, lots of works to do, everything is urgent 
Finished looking at modules and conclusions are same as they were, now to get back to trying to find work.  I need some luck, please.. &gt;_&lt;
crap, i gotta go. neat black shirt it is. lets hope i don't melt in the sun  stupid summer.
@pinkcornbread thanks sweetie...I did it at work...sad thing is I am going to an amusement park wit my kids today not gonna have fun 
Today's bus journey home seems exceptionally long. I don't wna worry so much abt sch, work, money and my birthday.  - http://tweet.sg
woke up by a fucking grass cutter! ah well, i supposed it's good, i have a lot of work to do today! 
have a bitch of a bad neck.....i have a feeling i wont be doing much today  work in half..catch you guys later *waves*
@Jamesashton20 lol, teaching job am guessing? and dont talk to me about jobs as my mum telling me i need one for over summer and nxt yr 
mmmm chocolate mmmmmm....think gym now  gosh!  hurry up 4pm!!
@gamy_fitz where is ur new house? hope the move went ok! I'm movin on sat - so much to pack! 
i super hate the freakin' schedule! 
my mum wont let me have a port-folio done  she says its too much money (N)
@RealMattLucas hi there, new to twitter, link wont work for me 
will eat dinner and try to finish zune e-book builder by tonight!! that I need to start creating a website for it but i hate html+php 
still at school -.- wont get home before 5pm ewhh bad times  oh well im happy i can go to the rochester gig... haha x
goin to formal dinner with friends l8r, trying to work out timings, dont hav long to do work 
second exam done. kinda peculiar. finishing the business project and studying the whole evening and nite  andd i've got a headache 
sup fellow twits!!!  just got home from work.  didn't get my tat   guess i will get it sometime later this summer!!!  have a good one!!!
jst woke up...needless to say, I'm late for work &amp; my tummie hurts 
should be out doing something, instead im prepping for textiles exam on thursday 
@joeymcintyre hi babe i love u 2 alot !!! patience 4 days we will be 2gether again i so want to hold u i won`t want to let u go .... 
My xbox live dont work 
Leaving for richmond in about an hour so some guy can yank out all 4 wisdom teeth    wish me luck!!
ughhhh, had a great dream then my stupid alarm went off. dont you just hate when that happens? especially when you forget it 
i really hate it when i break a nail  now my whole days gonna suck! x_o
today's gonna suck. Yay for no water at work to go to the bathroom or wash our hands! 
ouch - cant recover my email archive  4 years worth gone sigh
i wanna paint. but i have to finish my homework first, practice guitar, go to tennis and watch tv. i don't have time 
On my way to the doc.office wit lil man...my poor baby has been constipated for two days  mommie needs to fix tht
On way home after a fun day of annoyin evry1 playin tricks until i got cheese in my pocket 
 why does my corey smith station play nothing but hootie and the blowfish. 
summer plans; june, nothing gotta work. july: nothing broke ass hoe. august: most likely the same as the june... 
Just off work, goin to Bribris house for a little, coffee and such looks like inside,  then lunch and out!
Lots of work to do today. But the outside world looks so shiny and bright and fun and happy thru the window, asking me to join... 
@collegiate84 yayyyyyyyy ur up!!! now come take care of me  im sick n jeffs at work so its ur job!
@yaniqueyen yea hopefully  i going on a interview thursday tho hope i get d job
is at school trying to think of something to do lol im going to go to starbucks later once TPOL's start but right now im tired hungry gah 
watching friends the one where monica and chandler find out they cant have kids  gets me every time :S
miss my twin sister soooo much  - shes in australia --&gt; work and travel
@EllaPaigeBabe I'm listening to ur songs, because I miss u so much! where is ur promise gone?  u have to tweet asap. or i will cry now! 
@13riots so upset i wanst there  u better play in middlesbrough soon xxxxx
@mystiquejewels I was on 50mg of paxil &amp; 150mg of wellbutrin when things were really bad in grad school. Things r starting 2get bad again 
here at work going nuts cuz there is no one to talk to 
methinks im getting worse at this speech thing.... waiting out a torrential downpour inside with no service  need to call my bday momma!
i hate my job... hates drama. it always blows up the wrong way. i dont wanna go in today.... 
leavin to go get my hat shaped! then gotta work  suck titty balls
@MATTHARDYBRAND i wish i could sweetheart but im stuck here in va no license or any way to get there  or id make a short visit then come &amp;
on a conference call at work  blah blah blah
@amanda_nan I'd love to but need to save some cash-$$$ and try to stay in on weeknites so I can spend on weekends.  #I'mboring
I wanna go to the victoria semi-annual sale w my sister, too bad she cant wait 2 hours for me to get off work! 
on the way to work. momma bear just left back for seattle  annnd studio after work to make more hits. oh the life.
ugh my legs are sooo sore!!!! long run felt good tho, probably a bad idea that i did it right before a long work night 
AND...hate being a ditz sometimes-like today-at work-can I please remember she out of the office so I stop paging her-jokes at my expense 
what a beautiful day. gunna' read my new book and try and fight off a virus, icky sore throat  gotta love tropical cough drops though!
http://twitpic.com/7kewo -  i missed u more than u think. please come back have been more than 4 weeks. asi podria salir de aqui =/
has just watched bb, and now watchin big bang theory, big day of work ahead gotta be up at 7am 
Just got out of cin take that+it was amazn!! Jst had a call offern me a free ticket2 glastonbury wit work bt i cnt go 
the sad part is I'm his boss but he's kinda related to my boss so prob wont happen 
just found out our luggage is going to cost each of us. suck. i don't know why i didn't look this up sooner. eff. the team wont be happy. 
@dlailasweet aww, what am I late with? I'm not sure...I think I'm fairly speeeeeedy. Does this mean no jam session  hahah
home la la la lounging . officially done highschool.! crazy, crazy. imma miss everyone  stay in touch ;)
@RandalLane yup, waas trying 2 figure out how 2 get 2 stl,  logistically difficult with hubby. 2 kids and ft job  can't face indy as last
I just wanna eat something and take a nap  work sux
bout to head to practice for show friday at DROM nyc...my tummy hurts 
producer told me to go on vocal rest. been straining em in recording studio for my demo. hope it works, my throat hurts 
@HeyKarlie im jealous. oh hey, miss k called, golf starts july 1st at 630am, 9 holes then breakfast, alert the media 
dont feel like studying for food prep; guess have to wake up at 5 tomorrow to study 
@kirsty1181 they actually changed flexi to give long runs of shifts didnt they??  text bein sent back with mine-I dont trust the net hehe
i want to go to build-a-bear, but i have no $$   i need a second job!!! come on retail america, im good! promise!!
Just gott outta work. Its hot   {chris's a blast}
just enjoing my only day off sucks gotta go 2 work 2morrow!! feeling depressed!!!! 
just came back from the dub!!! with no money in hand  guess i'll be trying back again tomorrow
someone do my homework for me  tonight and tomorrow are my last two nights of homework thank god. someone plz save me from all of this
setting up my xbox 360, wee! hope the networking/media center bit is as awesome as I think ... any tips? sadly, no wired net til Thurs 
@aimstah   I am at work.  Haha, well I actually think I am going to use our hot tub tomorrow, so I should be ok til then.
In da rest bout 2 get right pop thz bottle wish i could blow me a dub 367 dayz till i can smoke again stress mode 
@agustinaimi hope your mum gets better  btw, i have a terrible pain in my neck 
im in a lot of pain  i just wanna leave work, get my perscriptions and go home. oh, and for you to care. is that too much to ask?
@lovejones83 at home doin stuff. finally got my interview blog posted. *wipes sweat from brow* please read this one  http://artamental.com
Just got off work....couple of errands to run and then I'm gonna go lay down...I'm really sick...I wish someone would take care of me 
@candiibabii728 awww wish i was too...but i gotta get my study on  i go behind a real bar 2mrw nite 7-10 u shud come 
my mom just called me a whale ,  diet anyone, I wanna go work the fuckk out
@taytay88 ummm... not so much luck on the apt for ya  - work wasn't actually too bad today lol
@Stephanisms where did ya run? doing bay run this sunday hope the weather holds up arghh speaking of which it's raining now. 
Is at work, and i already dont feel well.   well good night twitter till. Be well.
@TiaMowry I am so upset about the game bein cancelled.  I kno u hear it a lot mi sure but it was my fave show and it's hard to get over  
@tnrainbeau okay google didnt work this time!  haha
@Gerridd oh man you lucky person! im having holidays now but my exams start when the new term starts!  how long are your school breaks?
feeling sick. can barely move, talk, breath, and drink. work is gunna suck tomorrow... 
guys i need to go bye-bye cause i really need to get this studying goin, sorry  next week will be a blast tho, promise!
@ibabycurlzi yeah I shopped online last week it was better than in store still nothing compared to before I went nuts on bath &amp; body tho 
I should have gone. fuck! they better stay together. arghh. but I have no more money anyways so I dunno.. 
So hungry, but cant get food on the way hm from work cause im out of cash. 
@ work...did my homework during my break. it's gonna be a looooong summer thanks to chem! 
@gingerying no shopping yet  , just workin so far. okay holla july 12th~! lol. take care in china. they crazy
@carmensophia no fresno   dad is traveling for work. So I'm chillin in da 805
@chronicsunchild no its nots bad. if you like cassie... you do lol i like some of her past work, i just dont think any of it is solid 
@northwesternsig couldn't get down there busy  say hello or chat on the web site? good luck to the guys! glad ya'll had fun 
im sittin wide awake wishes i didnt work so much so i could be in more shows with my old friends  man i sure do miss those days
up late doing homework...these &quot;bubbies&quot; are killing my ability to sleep comfortably  BUT I am happy to have em! lol
im scared the song wont work the video is uploaded but its processing slower than normal  but luckily the song that i ......
@djat09 nada jus got off work my feet hurttt 
am madd i had to miss my baby sister @milanrouge bday happy hour cus of fuggin work... 
huhuhu...  when will this ever gonna end? my head's still spinning and my whole body's shivering. and guess where i am... school. ugh!
@1988lips sorry was in class when you called  whats the plan for getting together with everyone let me know- saturday is awesome!!!
@mashable think its hard 2 get an answer from u  but thanks 4 the news 2day. xo
it's so depressing reading posts that moms i have online say  eg.'blah graduated, so proud i could cry...' cause my mom never seems proud 
is tired from work  wat should i do ino go take mii dog 4 a walk lol
its pretty late...got caught up playing strong hold 2..cant beat this one mission    grrrr...eventually...eventually
man! why am i up and cnt sleep!? imma wish i had in the morning at work grrrr! 
gone to the workplace unfortunately!  then home to do a bunch of shit, never gonna get a break! ughh..
f u anyway @durience253 u didnt even wanna play light as a feather stiff as a board w me!! 
 raining again... in library atm, going with nana to pics at 11, and then going to concert at the college tonight. busy life i do lead 
free period at school. want to be outside but i gotta work 
 no 3.0 yet, and i gotta leave for work. guess i'll hafta beg/borrow/steal to get internet access for my laptop when 3.0 does get outed.
hates school teachers who give out assignments out 2 weeks late, and dont tell us how to do it 
So I called work and said fuck off! Of course I didn't, heh. But I have told them I will not be in today. I feel like blah all over 
@wyntay is the damage very bad? who's the blind idiot who did that!! i don't wanna study for contract law anymore 
Morning all,, last day of freedom cos it's work 2mo  got some shocks in line 4 the twat boss 
@hermitpaul, oh yeah and also dont stay in a hotel with bars on the window. jumping up quickly can result in bruises on one's back... 
noooooooo! dale didnt train yesterday - hope hes not injured! will put a downer on the trip to sydney 
haayyy...busy doing tons of assignments...haha... &gt;i'm kinda tired already&lt; 
i hate biochemistry.. and thats what iam stuck with in my project..   shahdeeeep.. come help me out!
@QueenBxoxo lol a suppose ;) ill go vote more then lmao ;) ohh ;) is there no mcdonalds near where ur work is then :$  ?
still editing.hate this    animae,in case ure online, done personalizing the journal?
aha, my disks are delayed for the project. wonderful. monday it is then 
@PauseProof damn, you taking me on a trip down memory lane (in the ghetto..lol) Too bad i gotta to do some work  ttyl.
i honestly cant handle any more fucking news from the cab. fucking cant do it.  i. am. so. anxious. i could cry. 
at work - its the open day and im in the office doing more emails and addmissions stuff - wanna be out with the new students 
had subway wif my buds. cant watch the boys play dodge ball  cuz i got to finish my assignments
so bloody busy today in work  at least my wee sis is on her way
@cantyahermala oh baby thanks for ur advice :* but my bruise is sssooo bad. u've seen it rite ? i'm afraid it doesnt work. 
@blinktb .. so feel like not waking up tomorrow and skip the day, i feel like crap  hope you're ok though xx
dang.. ff.n is already like a drug to me.. shoooot! But I cannot go with what my mind want 'cause school works are killing me 
just got home. oh god, please give me back my passion to study. not even reached quarter of the materials yet 
ughh i sooo sleepy.. bck 2 work i go 
With everything else going on, it looks like a saturday cookout/grand opening is out of the question 
Another pretty and calm mornin in the 806.....too bad no bike  gotta make some caaaaaash
@winnsaw haha!! football!couldnt walk for 3 weeks plus  whats the that link?
abt to treat myself to a run, I need to empty my kitchen afterwards tho  vile!
im  up early again! but i have to take care of business. . . in the rain. 
tweeties, I gotta go for a while. I HAVE to finish this video log today meaning I have to get off twitter  wish me luck &amp; pray for me lol
up, taking care of kids, back hurts  gotta work 1-9 tonight. sucky!
@countrycourt im good! not doing too much.. noo job!  glad to hear that ur doing well...expect something in the mail in 2 weeks!
just got back from taiko workout... need to make 2mrw's bento before sleep... argh also need to plan a lesson... just remembered 
@pomlala 1-2 days not enuff la..  now wana start also no use liaos.. community spread is here le..  masks anyone??
@musewire is there anywhere to get definate U2 support dates, flying over to nyc for the gig on 25th and dont want to miss out by one day 
getting in the groove at work! unfortunately, i am in pain again/still. this is terrible...i dont want to take meds this early in the day 
@iKieran hope revision goin ok   me 2 doin borrin revision 2 day  and the weather sucks  xxx
@SoxPinkPony I'm not so sure. It's prob done by comp program that would spit out inconsistent entries 
omg, i'm leaving on friday. i kind of don't want to...i'm gonna miss a lot of things 
@xoada no they didnt say anything. i have an outstanding balance for 10$! lmao, dont ask why!! i have to go pay it after work. 
i reallly reallly wanna go to the beach but of course everyone either has work, there sleeping, and have no way of getting there ughh! 
@tehmonkeh sounds like fun.. at least your getting paid lol.. I'm bored as usual. I wanna travel with my job 
Ugh! I want to go to the lakers parade!!!! But I'm stuck here at work!  ahhhhh
my laptop is dying  ima let it charge for a bit ill get back on later bye twitter
still waiting for my coffee..... waiting for the coffee that wont come cause its all gone.... grrrr.   
geez.......is the work day over.....yet???? It's killin me..... 
feels....like....ass!! i feel so sick  and its my friday @work! but...i still feel shitty  uncool
@Mukoja yeah it is a piss take! Why make everyone wait all fucking day! Not happy! 
has to go make tea now  y cant my dad cook? ive got coursework 2 do!!
@CHANGE12 work is dumb slow  no one want come by a car.
I think it's time to find a cure for the commen cold. I don't have one but it's getting on my nerves now.  I'm doing home work at mo   X
Guess I'll have to try from work  or wait (god forbid ;) )
working with a manager in another division for a while, he wants me to keep a work log spread sheet, boo  i should prob. tweet less then
getting an award in school :| shood be happy about tht but am not  need to walk on stage infront of everybody 
My eyes have gotten super bad  getting ready coffee bean errands &amp; movies with dos byyyye
erg, fiance got a job in netherlands but their tax is 42% (ours is 22%) &amp; housing is soo expensive, so dont know if we can take it 
@schloo enjoy the rest of ur trip + bring me back something good! btw i got ur postcard!! thanks! p.s. i hate twitter no space to write 
@kwanpark I was being all anxious &amp; impatient- then realized I have to be at home to update anyway! will have to wait till after work 
really wish i had someone to play tennis with at home, everyones gone   hmmm gym instead i guess
i just got two of my blink-182 tickets in the mail today. now i'm watching dexter in my living room. someone come hang out with me. 
Ive gotta find a good reason to get outa this town and make this my last summer waiting tables. 
off 2 work  although i get to work with louise and miranda...YAY!!! my sis playing soccer in innisfail 2day for school...good luck!!!
@nkangel74 my day is ok. i wish it were over, but alas, more work to do! 
@alison2301 Why not have a go yourself? And vote for mine of course. At the moment noone else likes my first attempt 
taking a nap. anybody wanna hang tonight txt me we'll figure out something. its my last day. 
@RouBBoY hope you had a good day.. im not doing too much..laying down tired.  tell me something good
i can't focus to save my life. i gotta get through this damn class before tonight 
I want to go to a free acoustic FTSK set..  lmfao. but still @ Caitlins home from the mall I'll be home in a bout and hour maybe churchy?
@ work training new guy...tired as fucked.should of went easy on the rain vodka las nite 
dont feel good  waiting for alan to get off work.
@psychictiff yeah all the time lol or hit or slap them like there's no tomorrow. I like get the guy who run down dixie pitbull dog 50+ 
@bigtash: i apologize in advance for the shit load of laundry u'll have tmrw 
working out kicked my butt!!! thank goodness i'm done psyche...a whole other hour of pilates up next! 
@MsCocaine4DaLow omg y??? I wish I could go cuzz...I'm broke tryna save for this car &amp; I don't start work til next week 
@MaxxHolmes no i got work  i gotta take care of this elderly woman.  You going to Kristians pool party tonight?
@stevecbh I'm psyched to listen tomorrow ! Sadly tho, my mom won't take me all the way to ocean city on 6/26 to see ya guys  rock out tho
@TrueBlueSky i missed the xmas tree decorating last xmas in my flat my flatmates did it drunnk while i was at work one night 
F%#^kin' budget cuts! I was able to find another calculus class, but it's during rugby  gonna kick ass @ tomorrow's practice!!
@Ingenious_mind we gotta find lullz a job tho... 
just got home from work...and i feel icky..yes thats right icky!! 
who wants to go see shellac tonite or tmrw night? or the queers tonite? i wish i still had friends who went to shows still 
hands r frozen ..i'm finding some music.yea i'm always bored all my fri-ends r at school no-one to talk too 
@jennbunnyxoxo no ma'am  i have work friday morning at 8. and from past experiences..... i just don't go hahahaha it's hell.
had a really horrible day. i hate my job more than anything! anyone wanna get me a new one?  the chem regents was so weird today...
@twin_starr my work laptop crashed today-im not sure if i can get my files back....my whole year's worth of work 
omg WTF new kids on the block cancel Australian tour  http://bit.ly/CRBgq
@PreThinking can't seem to get one sent... when I get off work I'll try again...  I'm beginning not to like -*whisper* the palm pre.. shh!
sooo sleepy. dont want to be at work but i still have 2 hours left. tummyache 
is not looking fwd to the next 2 weeks at work with no cindy!  work is gonna suck tomorrow 
is sooo tired and wants to go to bed but the roomie wont be off work til 1am and i have her keys 
i made a haul vid 5 times but nothing work out  i will try again tomorrow.
ugh i put on these good clothes for nothing, and i feel like i have prior commitments on monday!  idk ill check my phone when i turn it on
wow...I just realized I haven't facebooked ALL day...oh well hope all is good w everyone I'm off to bed since I gotta work tommorrow 
dont care how chubby this sounds...... im really pissed i went all the way to hula hut and didnt get the fish tacos  what was i thinkin ?
night everyone. I have court tomorrow and have to get up at like 7 so i can't stay up :/ wish me luck  i need to stop partying. &gt;.&lt; ug ...
Doing a little bit of real work/write ups and watching tv! No chat tonight  #busybee
@amykodt whats up? 4got about my uverse install and wasnt at home when the guy came. now gotta wait 2 more weeks 
@antoniacarter I feel the same way...I wanna go out 2nite as well but got work in the mornin 
getting yelled at isnt fun...especially when its not ur fault and u cant help the fact u get to see ur bf and the other person doesnt!! 
in my room using my new chanel nail polish!i love it! i just  want dream tonight please!! 
come play balloono with me http://tinyurl.com/ngbye9 - @jigitz sorry i couldn't skype  i can tomorrow!! if you're available &lt;33
A couple beers before work never hurt anything....except my head, hours later.    doh.
Ugh, I missed so u think u can dance cuz I had work  I will look for some online videos now. Hopefully I find some.
i didnt add enough h's to hannahs twitter name! sorry  vanilla sky then bed? work tomorrow, awesome.
@JonesBeach_1988 nope they said he cant take anything becuase it is a virus I gave him motrin about an hour ago and still has a fever 
that dr. was right, shit does come in 3's. 1st my G-ma dies, then my dad gets cancer, now I'll b looking 4 a new job in a couple weeks 
@dtrain05 im sorry :/ work kicked my ass  but tomorrow we will all be together again
@Sleepingdragon8 sorry but my aunt is visiting from washington and i have to do things with her tomorrow because shes going back friday 
@ilianascutemom..anissas first trip to the zoo..daddy cant come.. 
so im hungry....... i want corn nuts. been waiting for em all day and he didnt get any on his way home 
now off to sleep watching iron man. cant find my transformers 
@tedistl lmao naw none of that..got door fixed  $$..had practice for hairshow..felt sorry fo myself bout 2hrs then back on grind no stopin
sooo tired 4 sum reason. goin to sleep early. work 2morow. yuck 
have to stay cause theres no power n i have work in like 6hrs.. gahh  
is freakin tired and has to work til 17 o'clock.. thinkin about skipping work today.. soo not in the mood 
gotta love staying home cause your sick and theres nothing to eat or drink lefted 
omg so busy with homework.. and guess what started sewing my dress today haha so proud haha back to my homework now.. 
getting ready for school got hay fever and its doing my hedin  lol and ii got p.e all mornin  talk to yous later iilua xxx
so im going to protest tomarrow. there building a baseball stadium where a park is. all the trees are getting cut down 
 work tomorrow, lazy day. i completly passed out after my jog...weird. i usually eat, but i was not hungry...hmm
my iphone has no 3G  big day: erika comes home, doing stuff to my hair, babysitting, working, getting drunk/castle. funfunfun.
cant sleep' bored as hell; no one online 
y can't ghostbusters come out on 360 in uk  time to look for ways of gettin cheap ps3 mayb. and i dunno how my head feels today.
well, today was okay i just hate the school part now home to do assignments  boringg ahhah eating a muffin tho
Going thru alot kinda down right now in need of a friend  gonna try n get sum zzzzzzzzz
home from a lovely evening @dkemmerling swingin' pad with xtra theo love! sure wish it wasn't a school night 
I am devastated by a news. I gotta tell myself to stay together. But it doesn't stop me from questioning myself &amp; my ability  #depressed
@lassy25 woohoo finally.. dont think i'll b able 2 go  ... bills bills bills .. bt will keep ya posted...
I'm glad to know I'm not the only crafter who pulls all nighters! I am done with sashing  now bed so I can finish with bias in morn. nite!
@petemc oh no! gah it must be really hit and miss I know @mcf got some and his work great. I got the v4's and they're fine too. 
avoiding work.... oh lunchbreak please come soon... 
in a bad mood  and bored owt ma nut at work!
6:45am gettin ready for work,the weather is ugly today  and dont have an umbrella
@Boogieblind all my favs!    damn man, I kno it was a good time...gettin my boo snacks 2getha 4 skool, drop her off, work @ 9... busy lady
@livileah88 im out the office due to a german lesson and my phone is trapped in there  hope your well speak soon love you xxxxxxxx
update 200! proud or scared? urg im so not feeling like doing all this work, going to gas on at*people*tomorrow for geting me in trouble 
@ImintheBasement *jealous* Wish I was going to Stonelove tonight, in work till 8.30 and im skint 
Two more days of work experience dont want it to end 
@AM1976 Of course it counts- ur v busy looking busy!!! ;) Its ok but bit dull -was infants teacher b4 &amp; really missin it 
gosh didnt even go late night  bummer; but im get that dress! no matter wat! deranged shopper right here! nah just jokes!
just got up and tried to dye my hair dark brown and came out black!!!! im freakin out soo im getting it done professionally today 
I am at work...yet again... would rather be at home studying. I need to study... oh and I forgot my allergy meds  
i wish my teacher re arranged our sit plces nd put me in the bck 
@stonedragonfly No...  He starting to scratch like crazy poor thing. I go to the dr. in an hour. Hopefully we don'y go crazy until then.
school sucks but summer also sucks cause u dont see ur friends alot 
@Celestineee really? that's fun. i wanna step on school soil during hols too  i dont have anything up.....yeah man, i stayed home too 
@ToastedFrenchie i need to go shopping....publix is always really busy wen i get off work, smh 
I am going to miss all the cool ppl I met at my old job  but the trip isn't worth the money I make anymore...i'll miss you all
I'm awake and feel like shit  I've called out of work. I'm about to take meds and try and go back to sleep.
@alwh Yes indeed, and there seems to be lots of updates, some disputing going on within one of the parties etc...at work, cant follow all 
i built a pc with an aluminum case for work... now my refrigerator magnets wont stick anymore - bummer 
@MommiesFeet doing the ceiling in the carport with white OIL base.... GRRRRR. Doesnt come off sooo well!! 
I am at work, pissed with the guy that blocked meebo...cant talk on yahoo mess anymore 
 i lost my usb got to have a plan to buy one by next week ): gosh can i please get a job lol im too young
im happy that my baby qot a job but ima miss him crazy much tonite!  .. hurry back cooka butt!
Just woke up 20 min ago!!! I wanted to work on my project!  mad errands to do!! I'm driving od fast in the rain
...trying to convince it will help with footie practice, I don't think he's having any of it though  oh well, another 3 years for me!
@questlove  nyc? eek! link didnt work - bit.ly?
@_anea *sigh* fine. dont talk to me then... 
home frm morning iphone mtg at 745am  now just gettin ready 4 regular work listening to genesis by justice. this song pumps me up! yah!!!!
i have to go in 10 mins  mum's making me help her with her cooking thing  wish me luck o_O see u at 7, 2 hours of?.. tell u when i back
@ work there was a sick bird was n front of the door felt so bad  But it was a pigeon....lmfao so the feelin was over
gotta get ready for work...suppose i should eat something...don't wan to though...damn cold...i hate being sick.. 
This sucks cause everyone I know on here is either sleep or at work ugh  imma start being on twitter at night when I'm not busy
off work today, sore throat, feel soooo tired, guess the hen weekend shenanigans have caught up with me, 4am bedtime is not good! 
im at my grammys. really bored right now. i have to clean my room  ugh! and not to mention i have a party to plan. and have no help!
@Ianjamespoulter thanks for the updates from the course, they are showing last years us open on sky   tell di to go in studio! with butch
@creativlyfierce its getting busy and im hungry  planning a new menu for dinner getting uber experimental lol
&quot;telegraph telephone tell a friend i'm livin'..&quot; - with a terrible pain in my back  i need some rest, hope not to get sick... :/
summer reading is boring..im waiting till it starts to rain and then i will have to stay inside and drag myself through the damn homework 
@scousetx not too bad.. busy busy of course.. gonna head to lunch in a few.. forgot to bring a friggin book with me though 
@ImSoAuspicious mannn I always wanted a bouncy house!  .......ima get one and just jump around like crazy!
@eternity1452 oh, trust me, I know.  I am frightened to death of staph, but I can't leave work 
@dewebbie awww! sorry about that  if it makes you feel better i sit at work all day. and girls wear stinky perfume that make me wanna die
Just had about 20 ppl over for parents anniversary... got no homework done 
at work.. boss is visitin from new york.. damnit 
i'm so jealous of everyone thats able to enjoy the sun today.. i'll be at work til 9  anywho-- i hope the clouds are gone for good though!
*yawn* so tired..., cant be bothered with practice tonight but I don't have a choice 
i dont wanna take a test....   can i call in gimpy?   so think im going to have my foot xrayed today....
work 3 to close  oh golly this is going to be a long night. bye guys &lt;3
@lrwher the problem is on my knee dude  let's see what the doctor says tomorrow. i don't want to be stuck here!
working on some translation stuff. m hella mad, tomorrow weekend and I've to work! 
@chris_nicholls internet at work is too slow though  i gotta find an audio stream
if you people (@izzyandthebean and @garrickphelps) dont stop talking about cookies i'm gonna need to eat another row of oreos after work 
Jusy finishhed a shoot, think it went well but I'm done till sunday, jaws aching from all the posing 
@Lagios2424 aww lucky!!!  i wont see u for sooo long!! gotta hang out sometime over the summer!!!!
@bobbiepen yep! I'm tryin to hey fine before '09 ends and you know the thermal straightening is not the move 
party on prytania....yea i gotta work tonight 
ohhh my god. im sooo fucking scared. really. i need a lot of luck tomorrow. maths sucks  trying to get some sleep. good night :*
@fridley just near my place on pelican st darlinghurst... my gawd... it hurts more to lie down than sit up straight... every bones... 
@thebuxt awwwwwww dave, you poor boy, its as bad as me, ive got work tomorrow myself 
Is sooooo bored I wanna do something..but I just dont know what yet.All my damn friends are busy or at work 
yupp so I'm clearly not going to warped  fml. i'm done seriously :'[
Trying to figure out a way to go on monday. I gotta say bye to my big brothers 
@vicariousills bring all three? mine is stuck on microsoft hard drive 
@wendymaria yeah....she was due for a nap she got up early so it helped...time to go study  or do m house work...blah....
@saesneg and like a missing person... u cant complain till they have been missing for 24 hours rite.. or lodge a complain.. 
last exam 2mow peeps then off to ldn for the script its politics synoptic which truth be told dnt feel that ready for and its f**k hard 
going 2 bed got work tomorrow  oh well at least it's payday on fridays yay ;)
@lady_firey - How .......... (umm) appropriate - considering the 'other' line of work he is in 
@evpalma : I'm gonna be on a video for my one hit wonder band, so yes, I'm trying to lose weight. Also for health reasons. No insurance 
i feel so sick  the gym is going to make it worse im sure maybe ill skip seeing how i want to projectile vomit all over.
@gigi_czarny bwahaha i mishu a lot  huhu. am at work,just showed my 1st client 2 properties! yey..ill get off in 2hrs not suppsed 2 tweet
At work :/ hmmmm.....I want to lie in bed snuggled and watch movies. The weather sux 
wwoooohhhoooo!!!!!:O leaving tomorrow morning.... wait i still haven't finished all my work, stupid me  oh well i have a cheesecake date!
what are you doing tonite? anything special? i think ill be writing, watching tv and listening to my neighbor have shitty sex all night 
cant believe i wrecked a 5 year friendship! how stupid am i? suppose on the brightside im making another friendship stronger. ill pray  ..
@Stephgivelas ... two books we read, and yes @taymur i agree with u short storie, i spent a while reading everything last nite! big waste 
@auntiep he's still poorly - not getting worse, but not better either cos he can't be made to rest  we'll sort him out when he gets here
I am so ready to get off work. Why the hell am I still here??? I'm tired as fuck, and I miss my baby  http://twitpic.com/7r99s
sooo tired....hate being patient but gotta play the game...how come things don't get easier the older you get? i've paid my dues...ugh! 
@monaspeaks cuz we was goan go watch year one on sat and my friend has this sick ride.  btw, today me and palmer discussed how pt.2
been cleanin and doin yard work all day  tomorrow i get my lil nephew!
http://twitpic.com/7rbbt - This is what happens when you get off work at 5 then go pick up a nigga named jayp and forget about traffic 
work tonight 630 to 3am  blah blah blah ! i made a bad ass mix though tonight i will rock out haha !
5 nights on the run work from tomro  ,, manchester bgt tour on the 14/06/09 was really good might go again next year lol,im chilling x
themed session fail.  stuck in deep doo, lots of bites, lost light. poop. still have great images, but mission not accomplished.
bad bad bad bad bad day. hopefully everything works out  any way! britney spears is playing at the staples center in sept. its ment to be!
done w disney going home tomorrow, vacation almost over  boo hoo
crappy night at work..      maybe make it better by putting a movie on tonight with a snack! 
I need a heating pad! econd chiropractic apt. hurt really bad   also wanna  watch a decent movie but all my DVDs are packed for the move
i am so so bored.  I'm sorry, I know this isnt interesting, but I have nothing to comment on atm. and my upcoming work schedule sucks too 
U sure anna didn't karenin herself bc she wanted to work at a mag &amp; got yelled at by someone who pays her $25 for 5 hrs of ridic work? 
finished putting my movie together..not just gotta get some good music ideas...any suggestions?? I'm gonna suck at bowling tonight 
cant wait till school holidays - but has so much work to do that it wont even feel likes hols 
i wish i could call you so we could fix everything..i am really sorry for putting you in such a bad mood, im so angry at my self  &lt;3
Wait, @itsonalexa isn't on tomorrow? That ruins my &quot;I-get-out-of-work-in-time-to-catch-the-show-at-12-yay!&quot; thing. 
@JoannaAngel ya that number is no longer in service 
ughh i totally forgot burn notice was on tonight... damn 
@usako_luna how are you doing? hows the pup?  poor baby...hope he feels better! ^.^ see ya tomorrow!
@Jessielou1848 moght come home sisyer is sick and yeah so standing in the rai. for houea went to nothing  no kevin
cant believe how stupid her socials teacher is, and is going to shitthebed and send him a hate, mean letter for make her more stupid 
@FABOLOUS09  I'm going to bed gotta work half day tomorrow n train some girl at work then nada is lani better ? I miss u to n  the kids 
well i'm off to bed my fellow tweets  geography exam tomorrow :| then i'm done for good.. maybe i'll just fail this one ;)
Just came back from work. the boss was being a total dick today. booo  I was really mad a few minutes ago but now im over it.
my manager is driving f****** crazy. missed my buddy tonight  at work 
my supervisor is driving me f*****g crazy. i missed my buddy tonight at work 
sibei jialat la. i'm taking the bus after work at 7pm so got time to go hm take la. gotta forgo lunchtime!  @kazitoshi
no matter how many times i change my pw, u guys always discover it somehow. am i that predictable?  stay away from my page!!!
@kasey_n_landon. my ohones almost dead so gotta stop textin n tweetin  talk to ye tomorrow
@Treenz22 it has to be a bit late cos i have work till 6.30  is that ok?? and then i thhnk we should get drunk...
staying home to take care of injured foot  will go thru backlog and try to write couple blog posts but no internet hope it comes back
makin' a bomb ass dinner and hating the fact that i work so early tomorrow. i want to go out and play 
just got home. work tomorrow. i know &quot;work is a four letter word&quot;. no pool fiesta for moi  bummer.
ahrr surgery in 10hours  next one will be on july 1st whichll be actually a big one! Wish me luck guys  -&gt; walkin training
90 e-mails in my inbox.. sorry guys gotta go to school  I'll check them when I get back
@HuniB oOhwee naw i just been chillin tryna get use to this new work schedule of having to be at wrk @ 7... 
Going back to office and start hell work.  - http://tweet.sg
@the1Dwood nope!no friday classes for me!  BUT,I have 2 work @ 1  lol
sitting at katie wynn's. wishing my dog wasnt dead  i miss her. but i have tomorrow off so thats on the up-side of things.
@ChreeesDunn bah! :\ mine wont show up  anyway morning! i bet your dead right now 
@emmdotjay the voice recording is good, mms is good, gotta wait for updates from apps before we can use the push facilities though 
damn havnt been skating in so long  damn busy schedule.
itunes shuffle, you were so perfect before, playing all brighten. what happened? 
URGH dad is such an arse, not done something for my epq twice now, wanna slap him. going to pointless college. today is not the one.  xxxx
@icyheights hihi thanks, cute pun! so sorry for waking you up  are you passing by the house later? i wanna ask you something re: laptop 
off trainin in 1/2 hour...gloves in gym bag all ready.....just feel dead tired tho 
I wish i had a normal job sumtimes, i cud plan things out better.Not sure if ill get out this weekend or not  sure cud be worse i guess!
goodnight all, I have to get a damn blood test tomorrow and I can't eat anything till after. 
Having withdrawl symptoms cos I can tweet of fb at work now only on a break.  
is laying down in bed with an irritating burn behind my knee  oh well.. yay tomorrow is friday! hope i find something fun to do.
Having withdrawl symptoms cos I cant tweet of fb at work now only on a break.  
cant wait for these workmen to finish now so i can have decent lie in !!! 
this bus takes the piss i need to get a drink befor work and paracetimal or il be curled in a ball behind the tills 
is looking after her poorly little sister  @patrick_henry91 WHEEEY~! ill try come over next week and see you, donz, ellen etc x
anyone else having a problem with red button? mine wouldnt work so streaming but its crap quality on my tv 
@spreewilson after my turn ur phone off &amp; get rest speech... Why did someone call me @ 5:50 and destroy my sleep?? Wompety womp womp. 
Another day i am here before 7am   gotta make this new price thing work tho
i'm home...and still drunk  and the follow friday madness has begun eh?
my eye lid has puffed up  and i have work tomorrow. dammit i look like hunchback of notre dame. s'not funny 
back home. think i lost my 021...fuuuuk!  cant find it
@sereneclaire trying to rest but is so hard with a wee one always awake. she slept last night tho, so so did we. still not improving tho. 
@tommcfly My  friend    broke  your album  now  it wont work   was a special edtion mail on unday one  too(:
gym~blueberry hunting~home~work! wont c johnny 2day  hes doing construction
hmmm have 40 minutes before helping out at moms school for an hour or so. need shower and food. think im going to have to skip the food 
@mlanfy i rly need to cut my hair aswell lol.... dnt think ill come down today  enjoy
@swu yeah, I was late waking up and about 30 min for work. 
ugh have to get my eyebrows done now ugh u h8 gettn dem done 
@ily_xx01 yeah i would love to go to the cowboys...but my idiot work asked me to come in  i hate it so much...ima quit on sunday
No O&amp;R and having a day from hell in work.  oh and #aceisancient ;)
@eden2812 do i know. i cant cook to save my life. eh yeah i got luther's miss call but i was out and i left my phone at home that night! 
im stuck at work in the stock room which is extremely warm... 
ok this is just sad. went for lunch break and came back to find someone has mess my workplace  this is just sad lol.
mad at the sytycd judges. kupono should've gone home, not dearest footloose-dancing max-the-eastern-european non-talker. 
Its weird bc while everyone is winding down on fridays, its always my first day back att work. 
when I'm feeel nervous I always need a wee...soo annoying...gotta try and check in online and book our seats...these 2 weeks went fast 
@3minds back home after work to get em. smh!!  ps- when we doing lunch?
is on her way to work. hope i get there in enuff time to get pancakes from micky d's. soooo hungry 
Note to self: stop stayin up til 4am playing css - stifles creativity 
i just seen a guy that had on the hoodie  i want back.  work sucks, h0ll3r.
I heard there's rumours about me having a crush on somebody at work which is untrue.  - http://tweet.sg
So there's this gay couple who work at my restaurant, and i envy their love for one another&lt;3 
@horrorshock666 well shit...looks like i'll be spending the night in shef train station  u got any money then? wanna occupy me 4 abit? xox
Oh great, 10 min before I finish work and a bloody monsoon kicks in, I'm in a shirt 
at work ready to be off for the weekend... kinda missing this one girl 
About to get ready for work... then working until close.... then home to be lame on a friday bcuz my baby is outta town 
im sorry if i ever moaned about  my job. restaurant is way worse.my feet kill 
@SamLuminate hey have a great day! (: not sure if u read my other tweet but pray for us please. im worried  hope your doing good..peace xo
@raizabuddy my to do list. i have separate ones for work and home  the comment about my biz partners is true -- 3 weeks. no word. nice?
@frankmpc as of last check..nope, i'm afraid not   I'm done for i'm afraid
@ms_cornwall Wow that's fantastic well done you, i really struggle to lose weight, i do everything right but it don't seem to shift 
the dimwits in the o2 shop wont fix it tho    or they say its fixed an its actually not :@
@karliehustle great. you just ruined my afternoon plans of gettin off work and &quot;making it rain&quot; in the studio everytime u crack the mic. 
shaking with anger! someone stole my purse at work. A purse containing keys to both my work, and house, and also my adress... awesome day 
@RhondaLove1997 hey i know im working on loads of new ones : ] and my last youtube account was hacked 
@DecemberBabeE I want to but I gotta be back at work at 10   yall are going at 7 right?
me and this rain are abt to fight.... forgot my umbrella in the car and not to mention im hoppin on the highway after work.  shut down.
- is a little upset at this hair thing ..      work tonight , wendy's anyone ?
going to eat then more unpacking! im almost done even tho half ove my stuff is at fams in vero  but ill get it at the end of this week!
jus chilln at home...feel like shit  wish i didnt and was in a pool instead
 i got the wrong damn monster. Ugghhh now i gotta go back to the shopette! at like.....4 in the morning. not pleased.
grr, i still havnt done my homework and i just remembered that i cant listen to 21st century breakdown cause i still havnt uploaded it  !
@dollie_stitches: I know how u feel!!!! I got a job! But dnt get paid til july! 
@babesmcphee awww, poor baby! don't forget to stretch after! yes i am tee-gee-eye-effing to the max right now, but the day's not done yet 
@MissMMM hey there moester - afraid i'll be working until the wee small hours again so I can't come play. really sorry 
@sighclub nothing worse than being at work while shiny new iphone at home 
@germania talk about the guilt trips!!! geez, oh pizza! anyways hey love how are you? haven't responded to my email yet  hatred me?
thats looking really good and I sit here in my boring town, in my room  I need holidays??? but alone? mmmmhhhhhhhh
@loobycrafts ahha! i was just pming you! its done! but.... read the pm in 30 secs, and you'l see my problem 
@MariaGalea i rly wanna see it but i'm not coz i have my dancing lesson and i cant skip d lesson coz we r near to the end of school show 
all my life ive had the same hygenist and today she was not there. my teeth dont even hurt! what a sucky dentist visit. i dont feel clean 
Just got off work...I wanna sit in a nice long hot bubble bath, but I gotta pay bills still 
@McFlyingGirl oh haha...all good...well i gotta go...work time...  ttyl &lt;3 ya!!! xoxoxo
@DonnieWahlberg id eat u right up. wish i was going to the comcast center tonight i dont like knowin u guys are so close and i cnt c u 
jfaslkjgal my mom asked me to do something which means i have to get up  off work, laying in bed til the bbq and party shit tonight
@KioBriggs well.... there's nt much i can do part from sit here and feel sorry for myself!  , i hate ur free life!! wen do u start work?
@FrankieTheSats hi frankie! please, help me. you can make my dream come true. talk to tom fletcher, he never answer me. 
still waiting to get my hair done and im hungry and i want to go home and play and i want to go to the mall! been here an hour 
What a fucking perfct day to be @ a pool! drinking, eating, &amp; scub fun!! too bad i'm @ work....  grrr 
james and I just had yummy lunch at costco. now i must shower and get ready for work  i h8 werkin' at the mariners. dont tell them that.
Getting off work in just about an hour and a half...gotta love the weekends, although a lil sad bc my roomie @c_schwalbach is leaving me! 
About to get ready for bed... work at 7am tomorow  come see me at homebase wakefield, gota wait for jess to come online first
Stage 2 watering what a drag  make sure you obey the rules water patrol is out and about  take a look san antonio @ saws.org
@MervLukeba aww your replying to everyone your so sweet..and your going to t4 on the beach..a train from where i live is 99 quid:O grr 
@BobbyBKdreams  please talk 2 me  im so like ur biggest fan try 2 write ya everyday!
@jamavery yall never came and saw me yesterday at work..  i was kinda sad.. hehhe
@KimKardashian hope u get better im sick too  lol.its too gorgeous outside to be stuck in bed
@kristarenae I love you, I'm going to go eat and shower and stuff. And that sucks about your internet  Ohwell, you'll be home tomorrow!
@yelyahwilliams its such a horrible thing cant get outta bed till 11am everyday i have twins my mum has them aint had them for 6weeks sob 
Just took noble for more blood work  poor lil dude. glad that's over with!
thats me officially skint. No money left for my weekly night out.  need to probably sign on the bru soon :/
@RASOfficial lame! sorry people are dumb and leaking your songs  very uncool. ur work is worth the wait!
is going on a daytrip to france and has to be awake at 6.30am  bad times!...but french guys ;) and food....good times 
Ouch my knee is so sore bad times, hope its better 4 work dont fancy being on my feet allday doin an 8 hour shift with a sore knee 
scariest storm ever  and im stuck at work. someone hold meeee
ughh! the movie doesnt come out til august! 
@fmpr...I gotta wait till I pau work 4 play wit mine 
@kirsty1181 lol aye, hope u enjoy that whole workin thing.  I was bad today... turns out my temp checks have been horrendous too 
http://twitpic.com/7up4h - somebody lighten this pic up in photoshop for me. all my programs got deleted when i formatted my comp 
@am13er oh man i would love to, i don't think i have the money  lmao come to pittsburgh for a day or two. i miss you guys so much
ok i'm at work right and i'm missing my lil sugar. i hate the fact that i am working the mid shift and day cares are not open on my shift 
kid. i have the names already thankfully/ now decent relationship hmm could be why no kids huh  anh. whatever. time to go get ready
absolutely nothing! work is so slow. wish i was at home. oh and my crush was leaving as i got here. 
doesnt feel well and is gonna have very puffy eyes in the morning  best try get sum sleep methinks. nite world 
@jadennation man i want to go to the blogtv but im on vacation and blogtv wont work on the computer here 
friday night..no plans, no hubby, just got my trees and henny and cablevision.. sweeeeet  . feel free to tweet twiqqaz
@sailorv983 the worst part? my sister didn't have to stay bc she had a grad party.unfair, esp since all ive done is play rollercstr tycn! 
@william_simmons cut + some colour. now spending too much money on things  what are you up to tonight?
super stress &amp; cant get a loan for my senior year of college - wow fml 
why is it raining? i wanna goto the beach  oh well sill drinking just change of location.. now at @gauneyKAY's house, come partyyy
: going to va in a couple of hours.. trip has gotten shortened  whatever.. no dwntwn dc for me..
so i just joined shoedazzle.com &lt; see what boredom and frustration does to somebody thats loves retail therapy 
crappers, i changed my pic, and now the link to color me green for iran wont work 
well bye guys if i can i'll call yu at airport or on way to there hmmm longest three weeks of me lifee  ily.
@reese23 i took a bath and i still feel hot.  might go stand out in a thunderstorm to cool off
get up, morning tweeeeeet! i feel sleepy and hungry uhuhuhu  i need something to eat--&quot; oooh mom where are you? i'm hungry!
I need alot of vote. i dunno why the photoshoot turn out not too nice maybe too white shade 
I am on MCRime chat room by myself  come say hi!! http://www.mcrime.net/forum/chat/flashchat.php
@7angela7 sleeping problems, being sick but the colors black &amp; while bother me most, so music videos done in those colors hurt 
so plumber either tomorrow or mon. Means I got a plunger and drain for nothing 
the tab button wont work on my computer  oh well bed time
ok gotta go its freezing here in the study where the computer is!! brrrrr!!  tweet later!!
working on an Rnb track....only time ill get to make a beat. tomorrow i gotta start my freakn 7 pg paper. ugh.     
drink to make the pain go away. why did you half to lose dodgers. love ur biggest fan 
feels like crap .... darn car accident  ...bday party tomorrow hope i feel better!
show tomorrow in carson city. exhausted outta my mind. sorry i havent twittered much, i'm so busy 
soooooooo tired.  work at 11 tomorrow. but oh wellllllllllllll! the little bitch won't be there.
So im at work bored an mad cuz i have 2 b here while every 1 out drunk an havin fun. 
My friend sent me an email that has all the stuff i need to buy for the monster gaming pc he is making me.  I just need $1600. Long wait. 
oh and im back at work after minimal amounts of sleep. feeling like a zombie 
@TheCrystalLady im good ta. think i may of got an order from my site, but donst want to use paypal to pay 
awesome -k- not gonna get sleep yet. I have homework for my online classes. not cool 
just witnessed burton and albonie gather their last few remaining things from the hostel... 
So rough  work til haf 4 :o thanks fr last nyt people :d had a great time x
@dennylittle65 try harder babe i dnt want u to be tired tmrw  anyways im going back to my waiting mode k? dnt mind me im fine k?
@kyleskywalker ahh haha go ricky, ah yeah its fail so badly im so jealous of my friend that just got a job at eb games  hahaha
liburan kayaknya cepet bgt.. but I've done nothing  sit at home, be with my computer all day long.. hari2 gue terlalu konstan ...
@vmcconville same here, wouldn't normaly go but having one of thouse need to get the kids out of the house moments. I've work to do 
mmm 2 hrs left at work then bed think me is coming down with a bug 
huh i thought my 6am shower would have woken some1 up but i still hear them snoring lol o well guess ill go to bed work 2-11  |&lt;ay-|3ee
Ugh it's 6a.m I'm tired and I have to leave now to get blood work done today is gonna stink 
@stevieg69 owww i see sorry lol! poor you thats tough  im glad my room faces away from the sun!
So yeah i'm bored at work only worked a half night new person working tonight my friend chad got fired over some bs i'm sure i'm next 
i wish i could stay home and lie in bed all day watching crap tv, sadly i have a massive list of things that need doing 
working tonight  booo.. driving lesson before work.. thats even worse 
oohh..just passed the exit to bishan.  had to travel all the way to pasir ris though. wish parents are near bishan. *fat chance lor*
away for a shower, a rest then back to work  tomorrow - first sleep in ages @laura_crane, @lynzee i lovee youuusss xxxxx
@markbrown83 Its sure not bbq weather in manchester!   Edinburghs great, been twice, love it!
is dreadin havin to get up for work and dealin wit sick kids 
omfg i hate today ..got woken too early and now i look and feel like shit ! hope it gets better ...easliy go back to bed now 
well i should go in early &amp; get a head start on everything. no phone to twitter with  i'm going to go crazy till 4 with no twitter &amp; sleep
the things i do 4 youth dpt @ church... gotta try 2 remember still i rise all over again 2 perform nxt sunday 
I do hate work  really wanna get home early then head to holytown then work at 6 tomorow morning  but its all good ;-)
@realin aww! that means no more comp-off from office!!  *lolz*
had a good bday, but am a lil bit upset that my provisional hasnt come yet so i cant start driving lessons  its a hard life!
@streetanchor cud ve sent u more pics... but stayed up at office cuz of work... poor light late in the nite so cudn click more 
@Goleudy I did my back in putting the washing out last weekend, so annoyed as I can't do anything  Thanks for the get well wishes xx
doctors maddddd early smh feel lik I'm going to work this is bs when am I ever gonna get a chance to sleep shitttttttt 
I'm stranded at the train station  with no way of getting home. So much for finishing work early  when is my luck gona change?
@rashford, thx for the update, /me twiddles fingers and gets more coffee, moves on to other work, though I'd rather be building sl6b site 
did greaaattt at work yesterday and bet crap girl julie as per. but i was sick this morning 
WOMP WOMPPP my boss isnt at work yet  i wanna get outta here before the crazies come 
@tommcfly naughty dougie!! i wanna get tickets to come see u boys in liverpool but cant get anyone to go with me!!   sad times!!!
mmm currently showered and dressing for work.. wish i could be at the waterford match thou! 
was feeling better.. but that was short lived  oh well, no better way to spend a rainy saturday than avoiding homework and feeling pukey!
This is not good - putting Jeans shoes on her hurts me  and I want my nap and shes still playing outside so not going to happen :'(
@mdd1985 hey mr - sorry couldnt make last night  what are your plan be for tonaaaight? i'm working 'til 12... but thereafter i'm yours
is gonna go to sleep- dont think mums coming home anytime soon haha  computer screen is shaking ive been on far too long
Even after a ton of sleep I still feel tired! I hate feeling tired  oh well gotta get up and do some stuff!!!!
@EdBrooks17 allahares le u spent how much? 300? XD i was on a budget and the only things i liked alot wer those shoes 
7hrs of sleep! after reading that dumb article, ima try to get like 8 or 9 haha wellsss..I have work 
$$$$$$ needed just booked another caravan holiday down devon for october..devon cliff's sounds really warm lol..work now  later all x
home tomorrow boo.  had a great time, cant wait to see everyone and compare their paleness LOL. dont want to come home.
boarding school...boring school-whatever...sittin' in da house &amp; watchin TV with them other guys...2morrow its time 2 say goodbye 
i have a couple of things i wanna bring for the concert tonight, but all dont fit in my pockets...and a purse it too big... 
At work  tryin 2 vgh and get the hell up out here on this pretty saturday *s~N~c*
@HarrietStout23 but tbh I don't even think it was broken, just stuck but he'll probs send the bill anyway 
@divadol Yes! And we so luv 2 ppl watch! We need 2 come here nxt month 7/11! So want 2 just lay by the pool rite now I gotta go by myself 
on my way to the hospital to see joel  sallie just saved my life by switching sections with me at work bc now I don't have to go in til 4!
hmmm,i need a summer job bt i they didnt call meeee 
@erika50 yeah I missed my happy meals&lt;3 ahh cow!!  I got us lost trying 2 find a mcds.
@jima6636 for sure xD keyboard themes dont work though 
@lunanola thx! early birds get the best goods, hopefully there will be something left for me when my sleepyhead boys wake up 
When my job is gonna get this A/C fix? This don't make any sense at all! 
sooo i'm up now. still hella tired. gotta wash my uniform and attempt to locate my tilt in my rooom  I can't find it
@Kamidy cool deal...the grind dont stop huh?lol....no i didnt go i had class at that time  it was poppin so i herd...smh
@christachi tuesday but i'm fully booked from this hour (my god i sound like a high-class prostitute) i got family functions n stuff dear 
@EmmaMKC haha, asda is pretty cool though.. work is a bum we just get sick of the things we see all day! now i dont watch much tv anymore 
I miss my kendra bear days  I was actually pretty normal back then. now im a full blown wack job that fucks anything with a penis. geesh!
This is the face I pull when @SarahFTW is drinking alcoholic beverages without me and i am at work  hahaha  http://twitpic.com/7x4z0
lol my chair just broke :/ it hurt  lol funny tho! ive been saying a need a new chair for weeks but has any1 got me a new one ? NO! lol
dreading work  i wish i could sit home all day an do nothing  tuesday cant come soon enough
just got a deposit for a show im doin next week, so that makes me feel a bit better.. but dang, my car !!!  man, if we wasnt related aghhh
@IamNovel fine, it's raining and gross. I have to go visit fam but I'm vey unmotivated and @jeangrae wouldn't come out and play 
@EmmeFlyy helping my mom move. wht r u doin? u should come help. she didnt hire nobody so i got to help 
@watchout4snakes great news - go, sara!!  my big guy is almost 21, so i know all about rush trips to the vets &amp; a 'parent's' worry 
nice day to stay n bed and chill but not 4 me...gotta get 2 work 
wow pete wentz is so weird haha! bleh I burned my hand w/ ramen water and now its getting perty nasty  mom says 2 relax 4 awhile.
@garyyen ohh  its okay... You should quit D:&lt; get a tutor or something !
What a life I lead...lyin in bed playin pocket god lol,work at 5am 
@sdmix nope not heard anything  is really worried now. have ace time - has more work possibly - tells you laters!
@chronicbabe yeah. it sucks. i'm working on a stupid freelance deadline for monday. 
I am achgein in every body part its not niice ... Dats wat happens wen u jump in a pond drunk n dnt get enuf sleep  sad times
at my lil kusins house celebratin his grad so much beer but cant, have 2 go 2 work n 1 hour n i dont think ill sober up n 1 hr  lol
@charlieskies $%^&amp;^%$ oh fuck. you need a drink. Everything will work itself out, you just gotta stay calm. I'm so sorry about that! 
@BETHBRITTBRAND hope u r doin well, u done alot more than i would.  i don't like dentist or oral surgery 
i spilled honey all over me me  this sux, better hurry home b4 the bee's attack me!!!!! ek
Today is gonna be gay cause i look like shit and cant go home before the gay thing tonight. 
my darn i pod touch wont work, for the 5th time! its froze  &amp; its my second i pod touch,  = (
is missing the download family like mad!! back at crappy old work  need a pukka holiday soon! any suggestions??
@Silverain35 hi !! miss u, all the pc and laptops of the house are broken! weird but true  hope next week gets better, i m gonna twitpic
ok yet another patch, and thats 3 hours away, dosent look like ill be playing tonight 
hmm this picture works. why wont the one i actually chose work though? 
@TomineeeHarket night nights..you will be just fine, dont worry...oh shoot, i should really sleep too  
Just got off work now abt to go home n try to do something to my hair 
just got out of the shower. gotta go to walmart in a little while and pick up a few things. wish i had someone 2 go with but no ones home 
@ work &amp; I'm so excited! Not! I can't wait 2 go back home!  but luckily it looks like it's gonna b a good night!  let's hope anyway...
Finished working on a song...going to catch some zzzzzz gotta be up at 4am 
going to bed supa early...without a laptop i can do that. lol. except not funny. i miss my laptoppp  anyway, happy daddys day tomorrow! &lt;3
G'day my tweeps hope ur all well .. I'm not doing anything exciting today but stay at home and relax the weather is still crappy 
pretty sure im going to spend the rest of the night crying!  work killed my soul!
@Fabulous8212 it is the best sleeping! unfortunately i've got stuff to do today  so sleep's gotta wait
ughh, I wish b93 bash didnt get canceled.    sooo mad, spent 4 hrs for nothing.
@RollieDingo oh yeah, i meant to ask, can i crash with you for a while? I couldnt pay rent. 
work was hectic as fuck! looking forward to watching movies with alex this arvo before she goes away on renewals 
@ Firelightly What are you up to tonight?  I hate chores got alot done!  No tanning the rain is keeping me white!! 
work is super depressing...everyones talking about me leaving  i am gonna miss these guys
gotta go do more moving and packing. noone seems to want some tables that could be used as work benches. 
@xLoveLovexAblex yup and its of me and i didnt forget myself this time yay! lol but u cant see my face cause its not focused  or zoomed in
At work and I feel like crap! I wanna go home.. 
@garypickett test was positive in a negative way oh dear!!! all better now though and will be at work tomorrow 
just got hit head on driving home from work   thank god im ok that was scaryy makes u look at life differently
Morning People.. not a good start to the day.. feeling signs of weakness and pain.. cant get up from the bed even.  
aah i hope olivia is okay for tomorrow. shes really sick and cant do her ballet exam  and theres no way to postpone it.
did anyone realize that @charleshamilton 's album came out .. some of yall did .. i soo forgot  im out dere tomorrow now ..
@lndsy_rsn yeah, plus... the wifi on my house is not working good, so im having problems with my internet service 
should have done more studyin today. guess that leaves a heck load for tmrw. 
oh i suddenly remembered its father's day today.hmm.dad hope u r happy with your new fml im sorry i think im getting over you 
I pulled a muscle at work walking in heels. That would happen to me....all cuz I wanted to look cute hah 
my white board fell &amp; wont stay up 
got done with work.  Can I interest you in a mind boggling night, filled with wild adventures? yes please!
Why am i up at 6am?! aah seriously need to get back to sleep, think i have a cold cant stop sneezing 
cant focus on school work!!  i gotta get it done, so i can go out tonihgt!! arrrhh!!
Really feel like crap this morning  feel like I need to b sick and really really warm  def going to carlo's after work for good sleep 
@johnyhiptop john i tried to prank call rob pattinson cuz i found out his hotel and room number... but it was a fail  fail.of.my.life.
stickam is getting way outta hand tonight. im sorry guys.  i just left. @michellexhannah ily! it was fun for a while.
going to bed, i fail at cooking with tofu, although yes man was slightly entertaining so that's a plus. work tomorrow 
having a huge headache right now, but cant (dont want to) drink medicine, i just need my mahal then ill be fine.. 2 more hours 
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get bak 2 work N normal life
why does it always gotta be like this. phones going off and I'm going to sleep.gotta work tomorrow 
@viaANGELA I always find out after the fact lol. whatever. I'm probably never free anymore cuz they switched my schedule tues-sat. 
@xmoniicaaa i know wat u mean homie &amp; i gotta be at work early 
@bungeespin okay I guess...still outta work which tbh I'm in worrying mode now  other than that I'm chipper!
@Styles818 that yawn was contagous! If I spelled it wrong I still feel right even when I turn left!! I gotta stay up @ work till 8 am 
 havent twittered in so long, ive been busy doing much of everything, 4am sleep time note to self twitter moree!!!!
I want to go backpacking across europe before going to college.. but can't see how that'll happen 
really no mood/hate doing work. the holidays were just soooo love &lt;3 hope time flies and hols come again!  contract law rocks. i think. 
inside 'the works'. probably my least favourite shop. everytime i go inside, i get a headache 
Last night was crazy. just gettin home..was a zoo in there and once again spent mad money for no reason lmao . wanted to invite HER idk 
done with work, parents just touched down in paris, dupleix was wack last night..all my friends are leaving today 
currently stuck in my dead end piece of shit job workin 9-8 ,wat a way to make a livin  .   need excitement,need neeeeed excitement
@Ausadian98 lol, they weren't finished partying. sun burn's no good  gotta thank the camera strap even though it looks odd!
1:25pm. get up. breakfast. had to work.  visit my mum. my dvd-player sucks.
Finally arrived at work, kids everywhere for transformers 2, popcorn everywhere !!! 10hrs of pure joy awaits 
@michelle290 damns  ah wells dw u get to see me tomorrow  have u done ur bio?
had a shit driving lesson and her mummy is at work so can't make me a yummy sunday dinner 
I'm gonna need updates on the g F1 guys, I'm out moving someones furniture 
@john_shepherd needs more brits at the front, or at least a half decent scrap for points scoring places 
oh well i think i better go just now, cos i really need to get that homework done   byyee x x
another crappy rainy morning here. i'm never gonna get on my longboard again 
's keft bicept hurts  its sore from yesterdays work off 2 church so...dnt text or kall (futty nutty cheer bar!]
i dont like when my ipods album artwork doesnt agree with me  guess ill go to bed now..with no homework done :\ and listen to bx's lullaby
@wiryawanivan hahah thanks ... i see u guys at z ? sorry   i need to do some preparation for my work tmr if not cant party tonight ! 
o dear the bewitching hour approaches bed for me me thinks work in the morn  &lt;3
I take back the last tweet... happy daddy's day? im stuck in again... i need to go see the papa but no go... fucking stoopid life... 
@DonnieWahlberg you forgot..wonderful..great..amazing..loyal..giving..happy fathers day donnie! Much love ..new england misses u already 
my frnds arent letting me watch d match  n some fucking prob with the net..can someone update the score plzz 
broken deck  guess i'll jus watch the rest of yall skateboard...
For the record, dont eat wings when you are hungover. On my way to the city for work  blleeehhh
@Rabonour forreal? goddamn i want news at work 
@lilinkea but japan is like nicer  okay. we buy plane tickets there and back. the rest you sponsor k including trips all over uk! u rock!
i had the time of my life last night!! ughh i gotta work today til 6 
In ear moniter issues 1st set. Always rough to lead worship &amp; deal with.  @chrisestes rocked it out during the break &amp; now it'sallgood
i feel bad that i didnt get my daddy anything for fathers day  and im starving right now, no joke
@DavidArchie wow you're on tour together.. iwanna watch but i can't no matter how match i want it.. im from the philippines.. huuhu 
Just got woken up from a great sleep by mom calling &amp; telling me to call work  I'm gonna wait a bit.
Man I gotta stay defending us...it sucks hearin everyone talk bad bout me and you 
coffee play... lots of coding left after spending my saturday playing with new iphone 3gs 
wishes she was at the pool.....not a work    someone save me pah-leeze!!!!!!!
@ChloeKennard wat did danny do 2 make megan happy last nite? he was in front of u 2 loads last nite, i picked the wrong side  hope ur ok x
Theres some nice food im the fridge at work, and i really want to eat it, but i dont know whose it is 
@marionwrite yo son! what does it mean if a program wont start no matter how many times i click it. just doesnt open 
I have 2 be at work at 12 and I been drivin around for 13 mins trynna see where I can't get sumthin 2 eat at  lmao
grrr, on this rainy and unfortunate monday, i blew out my back bike tire on the ride home from work 
At work till 9  its soooo nice out. I wanna go swimming
someone broke into macys last nite and smashed glass in the jewelery department to steal 1000's worth of pearls  crazy at work.
@LisaHopeCyrus hunny! please don't put that sad-crying face! i dont wanna make u feel bad! 
getting my haircut... made appt when work was super-slow. Now it looks like it might be my break. 
My letter! At least SOMETHING good is gonna happen. I'm in quite a poorly state after last night. 
@PeggyGurney Just realized I cant stay at 8888 posts at vbcom. gotta do at least 2 more. guess I'll have 2 keep going 2 9000 now. 
might go to bed... kinda sleepy.... i think i caught chicken pox off the children at work 
still feeling horribly sick. cant call out from either job so ill be a coughing work zombie till 10 2nite. 
oh man, i'm SO nervous about this program next week  it looks like a hell of a lot of work &amp; i still don't get exactly what i'll be doing.
my ipod has been missing for 3 wks now. Touch if you get this message please come back to me we had good times together 
Another nice day in the garden city . But im trapped at work 
@MaxineBoyle_x i need another job too! just for summer tho but i dont like workin so think al leave it  haha
@YungKL working...bout to head to show afterwards...tired as hell 
shit's crazy at home in dc. hoping for the best. red line. trains wedged during rush hour. lives lost. sending prayers from philly. 
@MarkCYR  yeah likewise but got nowt ready clothes wise  busy day for me tomorrow
@MeganJane__ yeah they should turn the cameras off and work on their marriage for the sake of their 8 children 
 I took the blame for everything that happened the other night. part bc I don't want any1 in trouble, part bc idk the other peoples names!
shoot, i forgot to get a new tank for the grill...crap!  operation improvising dinner ahead...cause everything i planned is grilled! 
alright waiting for my mac receipt to be emailed. abt to get ready for worky work again 
day off work, but cant do anything as sick, thats so unfair!!!! i would do baking but shopping is tonight... what to do 
at work chillin' wit my buddy LoG... i think my wisdom teeth are coming in  i'm in sooo much pain
my prayers go to all the dc metro riders.. what a tragedy that happen at home.. cant wait to go home now 
still cant find joe on this thing...hmmmm...up doin work at this hour!!! is un-natural i tell you 
@backstreetboys ive been a fan since i was 8 and now im 19 and still havent met you guys, its heart breakinggg i really wanna meet u guys 
@OfficialMe : hello mr official.! it was nice to see you... but you looked like someone sad  keep up the good work.... take good care.
@ancientbruises  no joke, you dont get to be selfish when you have 8 kids, work this ish out for their sake 
im so sad. the hot guy at subway doesnt work there anymore and my cool neighbor w/ the cute boyfriend moved out today  
@lizettegagne mm when if that didnt work. its like you said  dead drive. dang. meng. 
man i love my new curve and runs is about 2 come on im in heaven but 2 mrow hell work 9 to 4 
@troyjh man, think i'm gonna cry if i don't get a job soon 
jon&amp;kate ..guess we know who wanted normal.and who wanted greed,,,she c&quot;s money .could have stopped show and put family together again . 
@DavidArchie I'll be seeing you at the end of august  thats too long but I'm excited, your going to do great!! woo! take care sweetie xoxo
@cameron_crazy so is the show done?  They can't possibly want to air their family through that 
Listing to the off spring and pissed my sims game wont fucking work 
@NicoleLindner  i'm sorry. i don't always get service from my dorm room. i'll call ya tomorrow boogaboo. say hi to cher &amp; dionne fermeeee
sch00l..... said ahhhh push it push it watch me work it, I'm perfect haha I didn't do my homework 
nother day .. mo work, mo stress, mo older - sigh 
rip kitty that i saw in the middle of the busy street, thats gonna get smushed big time.. 
mama said being busy with work is gd for me. don't rly think so myself.  torn btw tv &amp; sleep, my two fav past-times...
@imlisacowan i was tempted to go find her but im ill so no chance like  but met them last monday so not too bad
the pump at work is broken, so i could be out of a job for up to two weeks   im just gonna be a river rat hippy or something this week.
mad cuz its time 2 go bak 2 work 
epic soup making tonight. need to cut the damn grass too 
@gunitweeze yay it s rainin a lot..i hope it will finish tomorrow cuz i have to take the ship for goin to the university 
@1stcomesthefall LOL idk he just scared me  he was like killing everyone but wouldnt come in our house &amp; i couldnt find my mom
@kyle270 oh sorry  i'm just walking home,i was going to say come round for a bit but only til 7ish but there is no point now :/ god it ...
Ah meee's not well    Meeee's needs some love and care!!!!! Where the fuck am I going to find that these days 
@Binku nah no sleep  lot of works to_do,
@ work, getting ready. 3rd day of fucking summer YAY. need a smoke. and im sick 
shouldnt be at work i should be with auntie carla 
@NewerDeal they are forcing ot at your job and at mine they took it away  was gonna get some extra shopping money for ca
hmm...looks like it will be a nice day to bad im at work inside 
 bar tivia at duffy's starts too early for me to get there tonight and be the first choice fill in on a friend's team, dammit!
matts in the hospital, broke his nose in 2 places &amp; his front teeth. its tough dating a hockey player sometimes  i hope hes ok. @work
matts in the hospital, broke his nose in 2 places &amp; his front teeth. its tough dating a hockey player sometimes  i hope hes ok. at work
ughh gotta leave work and go to stupid class..... 
cant find my good sunglasses or a job...  depressing on both counts.
@beanznkornbread aight let me know wuzup. my benz jeep in the shop in atascocita.. gettin some work done.. bout to spend some major cash 
Just got off of work, mitchell's twiter made my head hurt his mornin 
So bored, I dunno wot to do ugh some1 help me plz, im stuck doin homework that i know no1 else has done wots the point. 
looks like it's going to be a crappy bday... hate to be negative but the stress is piling on... need to put my gospel songs on replay... 
Transformers tomorrow! work again tonight gay  Whats the big deal about megan fox? get out of here with that already.
@mrsfrankenstein thats how i felt on friday. sweat down my back at the vagabond.. not used to that anymore 
@live315 i can type without looking well enough to tweet, but typing proposals not so much. and boo for work!  megan fox &gt; kohls any day.
why is it so busy today at work...stressssed kinda  cant wait to release that frustration at the gym!! weights start tonight :/
@TiannaChaos i know  just family drama. its lame.hey next time u hang out with kim n u guys like have a sleepover or whatever, ill call u
@denisequest i'm at work until 7:30.  maybe i can ask starbucks if i can borrow their ice, hahaha
@RobynsWorld I just had my fave restraunt ask me to do something for free that would have required alot of work, not even produxt 
watching tori and dean: home sweet hollywood. work at 3 
my work won't let me play the zombie hooker game on adult swim.com.    sad.
grrr wish i didnt have to go to this 6th form thing  not used to getting up at 6.30
@ashley54 I wish I could. The lack of job means lack of funds to plan super awesome trips 
at work doing dumb desk stuff....  im bored
At home with my little ones luke is sick again doc said he has asthma, cant go outside till god knows when 
exhausted insomniac.  tomorrow = new phone order, sueing hmv, baby clinic, cleaning, writing. LOTS.
@Aspir3 I did like mad times ima slap you...I had dis b4 u now urs work betta den mine lol 
back to the grind...gotta fix up my ride too  At least I get to learn how to repair it
I just got in trouble for laughing too much at work  my bosses boss office is behind mine..umm this may be an issue. Haha! (ooops) ;p
dreadin work ahh it feels like im at food lion allll the time 
didnt have chance for a nap between shifts so gonna get my stuff ready 4 2moro n then go to bed, work at 7am 
sitting in bed...havent got work untill next tuesday because got kidney infection  not good...xx
Not looking forward to tomorrow... need to ring the bank, ring student finance, tidy the house...and im working until half 4  bumbum
@_ruairidh tryin to make it as a pros to earn moer money 4 malia. Lol sadly no, was waiting on ma mere to pick me up from work  x
@johnnyh0m1c1d3 johnny! workin a lot.  you? im gonna come see you and cik play soon, too!
@JamesAbb5 having to leave it  till the morn anyway, mum took so long complaining it got too late to do it
@sarah21210 In that case, I hope the fun will still be going on at, say, 9pm. 
@tigerlily542 i love psych! what is it, stats? also, we def need to plan another wknd for u to come to nyc! sry this one wont work out 
Rawwwrr i dipped my fone in the water so it doesnt work right now soo im foneless till idk when 
feeling sorry for myself... i have to walk 2 dogs in the heat by myself  cpa's work = ruins my life for the next hour.
Oh h3ll yeah origin game 2 2nite going to brothers house 3 hours away n watch it wit him i better not miss any of it 
Oh my god im workin the worst job in the world tomorrow, 12-9  i might actually cry from tiredness and ...dreadness??
@margaret_justme yep, yep...all these days are for me. and these last couple nights of work probably wont go by any quicker 
not feeling good  doing like 8 loads of just my laundry &amp; watching tori &amp; dean
@ngkary omg. how come?! it sounds so scary! i can imagin. i wont come true! it just a dream...dont worry 
My finger hurts :-/ but on the brightside...I love sleeping on new sheets and new comforter  - work in the am...booo 
i can't go to element  . effen work 6am on friday ugh . i should quit ! &gt;:o iLOL kidding .
@Angelfish007 lol full house! im off work for tomororw- dereks dad passed away yest and funeral tomorrow not a fun friday off either 
&amp; for everyone asking....srry babes!! I'm not goin live tonite!  ill try to make it happen sumtime tmrrw...
So I'm finally takin it down...gotta be up in 3 hours for work 
why isnt anyone down for les deux! guess i'm not going. I havent done ANYTHING all day. I'm sad 
missing alot of fun stuff this weekend  work fri, sat, and sun nights baaahhhhhh!!!
@CamtronSummers i won't know until i get my new work schedule  i can't go if its a mon wed thu or sun
@covergirl1985 losing the plot at work but other than that ok!! Looking forward to my holiday just under 4 months to go 
excited for southside tomorrow! thank goodness it isnt the 24th anymore, I miss certain things 
damn the weatherforcast says that it will rain this evening  please let the sun still shine after work!!!
@PS1968 agreed  the day shaq became a sun was unbelievable so ill always hold out hope.  trix will make the ring of honor for sure
@saraahjay alright, sweet. yeah i have work almost every single day cause transformers  i'm gonna die cause i hate working at the movies.
@Keels_90 thanksss. ive got my 'depressed look' on my face and im moping around the house, ive stooped that low  shame on me.
This damn cough &amp; flu better go away tomorrow!!!! I don't wanna b sick in hell!! (100 degree weather) 
havng a splitting headache  loads of wrk 2 do as i was not in off yest n along wid all of dis i really wanna go meet @bloodyc family
@DarrenRoberts good thanks lovely, I appear to have slept ok.  Just wish I wasn't in work till 6 today 
@BillyKB8 that 5-hour shit dont work for me...honestly, i think i party so much my body is used to only a couple hrs of sleep 
fuck...mission driving license...faild  ... but however, I have another try in two weeks ;-)
Finished work for another day... now to do the washing, wash the dishes, cook dinner etc etc... it never ends!!!! 
watching weeds -watched 1 ep 3 yrs ago, its quite good actually. upload to blog didnt work  cold keepin me awake. tomorrow yet??
god its boring waiting for college :-/ gotta go in for two lessons with hour and a half gap inbetween aswell 
@finestimaginary thats what this one was like, proper piece-y, and so smelly  the use by was tomorrow too, gah.
@_ketan i cant travel from nasik for one session hence  ppl who want to learn ll learn i think whatever the format..
Wish i had tonight off...i got asked to go see transformers...but i have to work  oh wellz...i might go saturday night after work!
fuck...mission driving license...failed  ... but however, I have another try in two weeks ;-)
I texted Z saying I cant meet tomorrow cause I got to get my homework done. Now I dont dare to read his reply 
@lewisstanson i might be joining you in the 'love doing nothing' group. work's shiz..might get axed cos of the economy atm. 
@lewisstanson i might be joining you in the 'love doing nothing' wagon. work's shiz..might get axed cos of the economy atm. 
woke up to hear my little bunny making alot of noise cant wait to get something to eat and start work outside before it gets to hot 
@Chersie tomorrow? are you not coming to transformers??  and huzzah for shit musical! nothing could top your kids!
just on tea break at work although my tea is now cold  oh well back to work I guess - the clock is moving so slow today.
@earth_tocris wish i had one so cool. gotta use an ordinary black one 
@liasta *sniggers* gotta get peoples attention somehow!!! ;-) i actually got up to 20th place last night, but i'm back to 21st again. 
@sassyele yay! done that yest too! ouch! put fact 20 on for sun, obv not enough  must get better stuff today! ;)
@qualitycomics those sneaky bastards @ comiczone look like they've hired new ppl despite my many resume drops! The dream is dying!  lol
@keelybin it only gets worse  when ya get ya own place 
in IT sat next to a fish and jordan1337 and the fish can play super stacker :3 got 2 pieces of coursework to do tonight 
Having lunch watching loose women then gotta get ready for work 
isn't feeling well at all this morning, I hate having allergies... But oh well still gotta do what needs to be done, class then work 
gone to get my hair done for grad!  then off to finish getting ready with the bestfriend. im going to miss you megg 
@natalietran nat! too cool meeting you today &lt;3 my friend was like, oh, so do you go up to every random girl and ask for a photo 
@MizzyLB its crazy  peeps are on leave and theres just too much work :| will probably duck soon.
its only 8:45 and iv already ran outta things to do at work..ughh this is going to be a long dayyy 
Hopefully i helped in some kinda way. didnt get a chance to go c transformers last nite..my fav movie partners went without me pouty lip 
@oh_machine have fun! ill still b workin the transformers shift at work tonite  its all good
cant pay my rent  if I have bad luck they wann kick me out of my appartment!!! ohohoh not good
work is busy . sad sad night   -rip grandpa smith. &lt;3
work.hair.ericas graduation  cant believe shes graduatingggg!!!
the bike ride last night was kinda difficult, dunno why  i'm sitting at work. don't wanna be here. wish it was friiiiiiday!
off today....but gotta mow the grass n get mad otha shit done.....missin my baby 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! I'm stuck at work  but I'm enjoying the weather outside right now!
off work sick  get to watch all my sky+ stuff though watching a film with @ddlovato &amp; @selenagomez in, so far so good. xoxo
glad that its finally nice weather out...work on this beauitful day  then cookout tonight!!!! cant wait!
@ASHATL hee hee hi bb!!! #8 tonight!! For now, am stuck at work. 
enjoyin the sun again today, pity work calls later 
Heading out to a work day with church peoples! Then will watch them play paintball; can't play myself due to herniated disc and stuffs 
@indiesoshameles how the hell did I become a dude?? cuzo...uggghhh. I feel sick today sis in law. I wanna go home....come save me... 
@afterworkinc he cant go anywhere .. he is on lockdown. no travel, sux  @projectzeroent u better be there! i have 2 make up 4 yesternight 
What up world! Last day of my vacay  gonna try and make this one count too &amp; prep to get back in the swing of things... :-/
Oh great i'm so tired and i've got work experience nxt week  my head hurts, i took to many of these strong tablets things and i passed out
oh i can hear all the frivolity coming from the beach, i wish i was there and not just looking out the window at them all from work!!! 
ok so i cant get dish...guess i gotta stick to the antenna...sad day...my burn still hurts...  
@onlyinhuman sounds gd honey, rite no one is helping me to get bak in anyway way tonite  so can i stay at urs agen ? sorri
Ugh gotta pick up report cards  i know i sucked in socials and english do i need to know how bad?
im so sore from yesterday, holy shit. i did something to my foot, i have to like limp almost 
@mishacollins i don't blame you. had to come home from school early today, cuz i feel ill  . i'm goin 2 sleep now as well. hope ur ok xx
Wow I love how it just turned black outside out of nowhere. And the sad thing is imm on the bus  imma get soaked!!
so she cant keep her long, so im taking a half day off work, and likely all of friday cuz bitches cant stick by their word 
its such a nice day today but all iv done is had a drivin lesson and then cut the grass  all the rest has bin lookin 4 a job, hw depressin
layin in the bed not really feelin like doing the work thing today but i gotta my pockets need it. 
@McRiddlahpants i wanna do more shows its the money factor thats holdin me back from actually gettin it done  booooo
@keesitt yeah, i jelez cant come, got class, now finding dinner  *sob*
and i feel soooo jealous of ppl who get to go to more than one jb concert in a period of 2-3 months  god, i cant wait to get a job!
@PixelTrevor i just shat myself..my power went out then on and my xbox had 3 red ring parts..but i switched in on again ad it was fine 
my 100th annoying message! does anyone care? think not!  i have take a shower 'n get ready for work. sweet dream, super junior ^o^
should i skip the vacation plan or just stick into it? am i really need that vacation?? hmm.. somethin on my mind.. 
@procoder hmmm, sure sure  so what r u upto ? hows the day for u?
well tweeps, im off, i gotta have a shower then go get a haircut. good bye everyone 
almost late for work had ten minutes to get ready, the lack of sleep had it's consequences. factory on friday. beachbar on sunday 
@JACATRENICH there ya go silly boy. nice job 
thank you sexxy flower take your time.. happy sleeps and wet dreams.. luv ya babe!!!! 
Feeling a bit better this morning - J let us lie in until 7:30 which was nice but means I am now rushing to get into work 
@darthweef thx. you guys would definately had fun. but i do know you were already having awesome times in sf -part of rev3's scam school! 
@eri74 But now you've got a lot of catching up to do TWEETY was on a roll, hahaha so was D !! And the rest of us ofcourse 
@Jennifalconer you too, good luck with the photoshoot, sure youll be fine! 
TIme to head off and start another day of work.. hope ya'll have a good one.. catch you when I return 
@KrisAllenmusic bad shape? wuts wrong? u look greattt! n good luck for tomorrw! cant wait 
Guess I am going to try and get a few hours sleep.... goodnight everyone and sweet dreams 
@jethron5000 hahah yeah see i told you! coffee bean's chocolate ice blended is way better! let me know how's the show tonight 
@Zachriel360  no worries just follow me ill dm u  bloody work eh hehe
im gonna make this work! just wait and see. 
@aussie_ali yeah, feeling better tonight... doing some work in between twittering and writing 
I just have to wake up smell the break-up fix my heart put on my make-up. And hes yet another mess i didnt plan.  
on the bus. prayin that i get my paper done so i can go to bible study an prayer 2nite  hay-layy 
@boomtopper it doesn't work in parallels, performance sucks in vmware, and I don't want to reboot for a lunch shooting spree 
good mornin! time to get ready for work n try to win these day26 tix again. wish me luck please 
@MadeleineBCN  its just a saying... got tons of work to do and i'll kick start it with a very strong coffee ... he he not sure about twitt
wants something to eat but cant decide what to have shortstack were on home and away and hi tori 
@illy5G well at the moment im studying..i direct plays on the side...im doing workin on a musical type play at the moment..i also act 
waitin to leave the office ina couple of hours to go see fatty 
Yes .. My take home test got postponed until tuesday because all 4 of the people in class are not ready bc he made it so hard. 
On my way 2 work....4 more days....i miss my babe like crazy and i just left her....that's just what love does to you though. 
i am at the joint! wild lights is okay. the killers need to come now! haha. someone come find us &amp; say hi 
@jaypiddy Gotta work with whatcha got, man. 
five minutes to midnight - boyslikegirls  martin's radcore  imma get something to eat 
@dandelions8910 lol  unfortunately, my second thought was &quot;crap I have work in 3 hours&quot;
went shopping today. gotta love that shopping high before uni work 
@sean_mac glad youre good !  Anyways, wow it's like 30 C outside ! I jammed with a friend of mine today in the garden. I LOVE the sun!!
@JulieAdore hey julie! i'm pretty good..sore throat's getting better.. ;) ??????? 4 your advices  ??? ????? ;)
@NatashaAnnmarie that's cool.  i gotta do something for my mom then i'm gonna take a walk &amp; enjoy the nice weather hehehe
watching peter pan while doing college work  i've just found my cat hidden behind the chair. god knows how long he's been there!
@pworld12 fa sho...well lets get it poppin here in a few hours and we shall get a couple cases and do the stanky leg 
@william_control I think you just read my best friend's mind. Y'all should have a get 2gether...at a coffee shop. And a lot of smoking. 
got tons of yard work done today. finally. KAedens got sunburned ears!! sorry about the snow in colorado LEANZACK! 
@OlgaOvaltina real glad you enjoyed france   i've suffered it here for 9yrs. the joy factor wore off after maybe 1 or 2 weeks though
@nick_carter yeah,of course!!We've been waitin u for hours!c'mon tell it! 
dinner and school work, i guess. nothing spectacular yet this vaca: let me know what we can do 
uh so i guess the powers out at the mall? no work for mee  now im bored
done with work. off to church, then meeting up with old friends.  cant wait to see everyone...then work tomorrow, golf, bbq, and party!
@bubblegarm yay! I love ur stuff - will need to make a purchase soon  hope ur having a good weeked!
@bethhbrown Its totally fine!  I wasnt really on that much anyway. But tomm. I have church and then I have some fam stuff, so I dunno  ...
@Jonasbrothers i love you guys so much.  keep doing what your doing. thank you for everything.  (august 25 ftw!)
@meli_ry i'm curious.. do you vote for yourself? i'm almost positive you'll win.. maybe its all the years of dance and cheering! 
and i let my mind roam, playin on my ringtone, hes got service ive got service baby we could talk all night.  @RicoLover @nippy916
@nick_carter how about a little change  next time u take pics, do the peace out sign or the hang loose..or the rock n roll sign _\,,,/ 
http://www.whatsyourtweetworth.com/ www.twittad.com check em 
totally sat up at work after I got off and watched the matrix.. epic  5 days and counting until i'm outa here!
if u dont got a hang over that is.. but since i dont drink i guess im good every morning 
@MariahCarey baby i just melt away fall like rain everytime i see your face i go off i just wanna break it down everytime u come around 
@DannyWood Com out come out wherever you are  I need my danny fix, PLEASE!!!
gotta try to force sleep so i can make it to yoga in the am to prep for my first teaching classes next weekend!! exciting 
@CourtneySit hehe... well dont we all? its only a matter of finding what you like the most tho... i mean i love being on my bike! 
@herrschubert: @work we don`t have really time 4 chat, remember ?...  Have a nice @wkd dude! c ya 2morrow!
im almost done watching rideback, ive got like 2 episodes left... final verdict when i finish it!  
@ebdy morning good sir  any chance of an msn convo to discuss some business cards?
Ah - done with the yearly cleaning crew duty for the building I live in - now on to enjoying the rest of the sunday 
@megaerathefury i thought so. i'm fine, thanks! haha. whats ur work na miss? still teaching? 
is having quite an hang over... soup and some rest will put me back on track  sunday laziness (*) rules.
wow. got a lot done today. office is half done, xbox is online. been up for 24 hours 
doing my homeworks, school starts on monday -.-' think someone needs to carry me there I wont go myself  lol.+ looking at nicks pics, wow!
got to sleep in! feelin great  bout to work a 12 hour shift yeeppyy lmfao
drinking freshly squeezed orange juice and basking in the glorious sunshine. I think I'm gonna take my work outside 
gona watch true blood...its starting!!! 
colouring hair, then going bowling with the team  ugh dont remind me about homework
sterling knight was in '17 again'  but i think i like his hair better in sonny with a chance. haha
@DonnieWahlberg congrats on an awesome tour!! cant wait to c u this summer! enjoy your well deserved break!! 
@hyme you know, go, relax, no worries about work kids etc. But for some it's techie that recharges them. out with the joke. 
just saw 17 again. doin my chores. goin to biddys after. maybe photo shoot! 
@UnknownFilms thx man  congrats on getting yours done. 
@Triggergrrl well, I am glad somebody thinks this f-bomb droppin' no coffee havin' this am, tired of trailer park tweekers is funny!!! 
cant wait for my action film guys and girls want to see an exaple of my work get on celtx i show you some time 
yesterday we nt to disneyland w/amy it was fun but tiring  bought a whole mess of crap haha good times 
lots on my mind... goin to bed early then gettin my hair done tomorrow 
@jonthanjay I hope all is well and things work out with your blood work so u can go watch the hannah montana movie  . take care
@LecheryLove182 thx 4 the fb  if u like go to http://nodes.fm/manatmouse &amp; get 3 albums of mine for free / donation  have a great time!
@kkd2525 thx 4 the fb  if u like go to http://nodes.fm/manatmouse &amp; get 3 albums of mine for free / donation  have a great time!
ok folks must dash train to catch enjoy your day all spk laater bye 
@jepriy: yeah i saw u dump that water all over ur head! hahaha. hope u got some rest! grrrrrrrrrrrreat show! 
hi all, some one wants me to be so much perfect in my life, so that no one will have a question for my work.  isnt this awesome?
fone with rayyyyy, following tarynn! one clss and no work tomorrow, its 420 holler! 
@ashyeeee giirl, u better take care of that shit! lol. goodnight tweeties! 
bollywood dance drama, group projects, dallas, foi, arsenal v liverpool, 6am work and partayying = next week. exciting 
@DJEDSKI ur at a bar workin. i'm in a mental hospital workin. i know which 1 i'd rather be doing. clue - involves being nearer alcohol 
omg finally on land!!! we're goin to the rosemount fashion festival and see how the set and everything is goin. the show is on the 27th. 
i. am. so. tired. work was good, got to listen to the gaga all day. &amp; flo rider. 
back to skool tomoz quit lookin forward to it  xx
today is finish essay, go hand it in, work on buddhism essay, go out for a quet drink 
time management on menu, daily, weekly &amp; monthly reports; prioritize; get important stuff done first: laborits-, fraisse's-, murphy's law 
@damienmulley nice work! @suzybie tag noted, think it might get some traffic tonight 
@alan_greene Apparently people only do about 3 hours of top quality work a day, so it's not ALL your fault 
On my way to school full sail hours gotta love them 9 to 9 
@veterus hey brad, when you gonna make time in you hectic schedule to come visit the do1 boys and get everything sorted? 
@empian turns out the sickness was not down to the race he was feeling shit before he rode it He's come into the office 
easter hols over! got all art done!  yay
Morning everyone! . I only have a little time on here...gotta tan/workout/get ready for work  but I will make up 4 it 2nite bout midnight 
thinks she might just have to go to the newsagent tomorrow and buy yen, hells yeah for patience on the cover 
Home from work  cuppa then tea and meeting with some tv peeps later but keeping an open mind!
Spending time with my roomy. We aint sleeping tonight. I gotta work anyway just me my laptop, music, and the pets is all i need. 
@alexantra guess who  testing this thing out (only thing not blocked at work yet!) miss u! hope you're having a top time in nyc xxx
@moondio yea, we're pretty close. I love this part of town.  It's ok to be lazy after work. 
@Mxstr aa phoewee.. once in a while wont hurt ;) ..when i have a cravin, i better take care of it  haha
Hip hip hooray, finished work for the day! 
well i had planned on going 2 bed @ a decent hour, but 2 phone calls later n im still &quot;up.&quot;  if i get a bad grade on this project...
ayyup(: im in english, doing coursework that i dont understand:| hope twilight isnt on tonight, i want to get home to my new double bed 
@xCarCrashHearts lol you won't regret it! &quot;never take friendship personal&quot; is their best work imo.. also check out four year strong!! 
@saramcole gonna try that sleep thing again here myself.  spent the last hour or so screwing around on wikipedia.  g'nite. 
macbook is going off now; wish @LikePacDiv a happy birthday everyone  see yall for another round when i surface tomorrow
getting ready for work - in desperate need of a nap! cannot wait to be home at 3 &amp; pass outtttttt! - check twitter first ofcourse 
wants to get started reading for this summer and finally get her brain working. What's a good read?  http://plurk.com/p/pc11h
@nincompooop OK. Seriously. What do I have to do to get a scholarship/exchange program like yours. Do I hv to kill sum1?  im ready. hehe
anyways, off from here now, final packing in progress. will catch you all soon, love, and take care, ruchir. 
@dmbtoffee we still have that to look forward to...  ...but only if u get better by monday.. so.. take care of urself.
Wow, actually going to be on time for work today  shame it's gonna suck -.-
@tmaikeo  have a great day at work and hope you get the ok tooooo 
4H mom tomorow. thats me.  hours I will spend with the kiddies.  4H is the original green, don't forget it.  
extremely tired ughh...practice was fun and we actually got things done....what does saturday hold in place for me and ambar 
home, i really had fun with alex and daniel. got hit on by this black guy and brazilian guy, lmaooooo !  good night, union tomorrow 
@GabezRosales i loved the shakespeare tour. i got to see his house and everything. very interesting info 
okay after this song finishes I'm going to make myself some dinner, then I'm going to relax and watch the bill  cbf watching the logies!
we are in the studio 8 may now =] it will be worth the wait tho   the studio has just called and they have a problem with there mixer =[
just had a shower, gotta get my crap ready for musical tommrow  and clothes for tashas tommorow night 
@MissJoJoSmith good !!, awww thats good then  glad its better !!, yh am good tar!!
@Jintanut LOL!!! I was just wondering if @ladii_wallk had work cuz she sounded like she really missed being able 2 sleep thats all 
just woke up.  coffee is good.  gonna shower and play some golf a little later.  save the yard work for tomorrow.  
@radicalxstitch lol r u volunteering to do my crappy uni assignment?i need food to help my brain function 
OK - off to the pool for a days work changing the liner, etc.  I will snap a photo with my cell phone to show you the muck at the bottom 
@YEPNAYDEA hey nayd!!! have a good day @ work! dara loves you 
ngh i'm so sore from yesterday. rachel and i got our finances worked out for the house, things are looking good. now time for work.  &lt;333
is really sore from workouts, so thinks thats a good excuse for being lazy today 
@rob573 7 hrs difference. i wish i were back in usa.. miss it.. although rain? #SONOTNICE!  enjoy yr rainless day! good u don't have2work!
@jeremymanongdo @gabebondoc @quinallison have a great show and safe travels! Don't forget to wash ur hands! 
i wanna order the fight, but only will if some folks come watch it...puttin oysters on the grill later 
work 4-10..gotta love 2nd shift!!....can't wait for baltimore next weekend 
Why does it seem like I haven't accomplished anything except a bigger mess? It's all good tho, I love cleaning in cool sunny days 
@NafeesaA you missing out on some hot pics... get me a small and medium and ill try n get u what u need.  lol yah trick..
@kkorinak your sister invited me 2 days ago and i ll give it a try  picture is coming ma`am, let`s see if i have a nice one 
i just saw a man begging for money that couldnt talk! &quot;get your hustle on no matter what obstacles!&quot;  (now back to writing killer rhymes!)
@Courtneyheaton nothings better than after shitty day at work, walking to the parking lot and seeing your beautiful face there 
watching svu! finally saw the one with jesse mccartney lol better late than never...gotta get some sleep for the shoot tomorrow! 
morning everybody and thanks to all who commented on this post about the 7 ages of a business http://cli.gs/XJQzqz 
@rolymac i was a cashier tonight. floral starts monday. kid came in to buy busch. id expired back in march! nice try! 
im at work, watching a tv series and waiting for break time to come to go eat 
i feel really sick ew and school tomorrow even worse noooo anyway got art so thats one + of the day 
cbf doing homework, im gonna get all creative and cover my school books with photos of short stack, FTSK and friends   it so much fun 
@cassiezanone oh well... You enjoyed them... Not. Haha at least not the last one. ps you didnt help or hurt any starving kids either way. 
bout to be 6am gonna get up take a shower and take my brother to his therapy for his back. he's gettin better at walking again im proud 
@sultan_gibrael better in time  good luck for ur 1st date. happy (plus envy) for you! &lt;kisshugs&gt;
finally done with report, i can sleeep now yay!gotta wake up at 8 for work &gt;.&lt; good morning tweeters! 
yeah I am, got like 8 weeks left, gotta try cram all this work in, + two other assignments, fun times 
of course i just got my jury duty summons for june 3 while ill be in brazil...thank goodness i can postpone that 
@JasonKAM ahaha maybe but the times I have cooked when she's been at work the house was in ship shape when she got back 
ok....off to shower &amp; get ready. be back after I've had my coffee (1st cup in 4 days!!!) 
@jagette227 ok ill let her know! hope you have a good time w.ur relatives! 
@devontaii  hope the next week gon pass by like nuttin... lol wish u a nice relaxing sunday sweety ~MuahZzZ~
Sitting with the lo bo chatting about life pretending to do some work... 
well i think this is the first time i've ever mopped anything save for work.  i guarantee my house was dirtier than yours 
@roseCHARLOTTTE awww wel if i have any money spare ill come see it with you soon  xx and i know thats fantastic!!lolxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and scream all over the dang gone church, my hands was itching to beat her little butt...lol but I was giving HIM the glory today 
schedule: shower. joe joe's ordination (i loves my joe joe  lol. be happy, cause i've had a change of heart about things &lt;3
@denise_bee to jerz on may 8 to start moving stuff, come back here on either the 11/12 for a final &amp; commencement, jerz again 16/17. you? 
@oliviasperanza @tothemo @mariamariamaria  come play after ur done   
Having a blast, i love this job  I already finished the whole first season of the simpsons, now im playing skip bo 
@itsLindsayLohan u cant please everyone all the time, the best you can do is to make sure youre happy and itll radiate out from you 
business mode one time  check out www.ilovemytan.com and reserve a copy of my book today!! lemme know what ya think about the idea!!
work sucks ugh cant wait to be home with my babes have some good dinner  and then sleep!
watching @robdyrdek &amp; big. The baby episode.  waiting for dinner, then running and more sleeping? idk if i have work tomorrow.
@gamehouse I also entered a tech support message because I know its important for tracking ect  good luck on fixing it.
Trying to figure out twitter..so if you are following me, can ya give me a holla (however that's done) 
just got home from the park and feel alot better  the park was fun!!! hahaha
@meanolmeany ok, i know you're doing research. whatcha find? 
@_DoubleM oh and if u and hero r playing tomm....come visit me at nottys tomm nite 
@AOutrageous alright so cptncrunk is exempt ill take u out cuzz u my homie u aint do nuttin wrong..but ash u better get yah manz lol 
@KelleyArmstrong someone wanna get this girl a losenge? We need her in tiptop shape for next weekend - big book signing and all 
good nite everyone!  best wishes on finals for the students out there &amp; for the rest of u in the real world, try 2 enjoy ur work week ;-p
@annamack23 hi anna!  have a great week and dont work too much. xoxo. AnaMenudo... 
is all done with her weekend homework! could have been done early today but... youtube is too distracting. anyways.. YAY!! 
Finally sleeping for like 5 or 6 hours then back to writing my paper. I got alot done tonight 
@skeevs bah, i'm never installing silver-watever-light man! and i say buh-bye to sites that force me to install it in order to view, haha 
@prateekgupta I am just 'okay-okay' .. like the rest of the sane population in the world, I hate mondays 
@sickophantikmnd now i'm done! good nite 
just left work. inventory was way easy  and I got to put in my highschool musical 3 cd! it was amazing. goodnight goodnight everyone :]
@djcamilo classics are timeless...dont believe me, check youtube, google, etc. Numbers dont lie &amp; i actually performed it last night, 
Having a pj dayy.....Doesnt happen veryy often 
@Andreaheartscgh ooo thanks for the danger radio link  loves it...how did the test go?
@dan_pentagram trip with school! get to go see a west end show and loads more stuff, its gonna be great 
home from work  good night with epic dudes and dudettes
finished work @ midday, had kiddie dinner ... now have no get-up &amp; go ... ah well it's bank holiday!   #fb
@GemmaCampbell you coming on myspaceee? if yr doing work though dnt bother 
@gamboasan hmmm it's middle of a zombie-making day @ work here, dunno if jazz would help 
@joyousnfree lol. No new diet plan...ran late for wrk so didn't hav a chance to make lunch. I ate a lot when I got hm! 
animating an ad for work. One of my favorite things to do. So much so that I'm doing it on a saturday night for fun! 
should probably do some house work  for my mummy think id better. would cook dinner but im a shit cook lol xx
hey everyone, whats up? i got another hour and a half of work so tell me something you think i wouldnt know....this should be a good one 
you can learn a lot from another person.. dont try to out better oneself when its all about love and happiness  goodnight
happy mothers day! im gunna crawl up in a ball and act like i dont exist  lmfaoo
Congratulation's to phil packer on completing the london marathon  x a shining example to us all x
@dredpiraterob poor thing. come watch tv at my house  lol
@nickyy123 im sure she'll love em  how was work? x
bye daddy!! see you on tuesday 
Please remember you need a helmet for the bike asap, talk to you later ok hope your head not to bad 
@solangeknowles awwww yur a awesome mother keep up the good work 
this thing really demands a lot of time! anyways, gotta get some breakfast and watch naruto's latest episode 
Finallyy done !! And done clean'n lay'n down time 4 bed.. goshh its 3 o'clock !! Lol nite nite twitta heads 
@verma it was an awesome talk  find it very true that i am watching the ruby community closely 
sup guys, just downloaded tweetdeck, gettin a move on right now : D tweet me some nice clothes sits or summat  x
@asencil So stinkin' adorable!  I want to come check out the studio 
up and at work im ina good mood 
is up, slightly later than planned... gunna get this essay done 2day!! 
@AmericanYard g'mornin lolz more like g'nite 2 me-I'm JUST gettin home from work. &amp; yes ur label or agent/mngr 
work exprience tomorrow I'm excited  http://tinyurl.com/qb4okb
kick ass, finally got some time to do some work and its looking damn sweet! 
@clndstne I'll try to borrow my mom's when shes done with work hehe. 
@rushtonaiter i have a show in atlantis next week but after that im totally free  lets all go see state of play!!!
workin' quite hard for tomorrow's exams, wish me hv a goodluck 
@TonyPrice1970 hahahaha, don't worry its done and dusted, so to speak  hope ur having a nice day 
lost my voice+went a run. moaned alot+mums too emotional. bad times really. bought a dress though 
Spending some time w my great granny. Things old ppl appreciate: new pill boxes. I got her a few and she's thrilled 
hey guys, iphonehelper786 is having a live chat, come and join! hes gonna give stuff away  http://www.blogtv.com/People/iphonehelper786
@thasirenkt hahaha aw man, fire with alcohol is way more fun.. u need the alcohol tho the rubbing kind, u would have had a blast  whats up
@TheIrishGuy oh aspirations!! i wish, i wouldnt have to memorize shit then or work hardly at all! 
@tsk8rbboy @camipyo @itsxtorii we should all go on a ride together at knott's 
@gcelloboi whatever. im showering now. just so you know. and ill probably pee before. since you need to know my every move and all 
Morning! Just chillin in bed,don't start work til thurs so gotta a lot of things to do before then, looks a great spring day outside 
@allisonpalmer dont B stressed!things will work out 1 way or another.especially w/ the power of prayer,as u know.keep ur head up allison! 
going to bedddddd. gotta study for stats in the am. so close i can taste it...it tastes like margaritas 
@TheChristinaKim if you only got half done, you'd still out perform a majority. you're a true inspiration, christina 
@TomFelton hey! good luck on your trip to the (dreaded?) dentist! you sure are braver than me! LOL! ice cream does wonders. take care!  xx
@melamachinko yooo sorry i didn't make it uptown....chicke was in effect then we had a deep ass 3.5 hour conversation....we gotta get up 
work in 6 hrs grrr perhaps i should go to sleep if i dont wanna feel crappy in the morning... my cat is weird... weird... 
i am wonderin how am goin to do my physics fr 3rd period with no sheet :s and i hope english teacher has forgotten about work 
toasting to todays success at work. champagne is going straight to my head, and stomach. guess this is why I don't normally drink it? 
is excited to shop gemstones for my beadwork (dance)... cant wait to finish my last article for the day.  http://plurk.com/p/tpkz5
and the solar hot water system is fixed!! aparently it was clogged with dirt? watever it took 3 hours and its done 
@causeperfect i'd never have thought it! Would swear he was a she lol everyday is a schoolday huh? 
@Gooderz09 i think ill be doin the same m8 
work to take some more pix, school, sushi?, then maybe the mall 2 buy new shoes 4 work.. &amp; anything else that looks worth buying! 
Up early lets hope today go good... Shout to my nj ppl get thru them storms today dress dry  and this weekend im doing a movie thing .....
@jim_herd There was no make-up person, but that's okay. I was already fully made-up and wearing my best party dress! 
@bethanydillon seriously, how many miles do you think you travel a year? crazy.. but im so glad! see ya in perrysburg 
@laname im sure they will next week, lol. oh and i hope they do at least some of the post-show media tour together 
@lionl yes, i am too  studying for tomorrow's exam, a little bit of everything which is lots of work. good luck with your physiology!
Just saw this old dude wearing a tshirt...'I'm retired, but l work part time as a pain in the ass'...v funny 
pick up my brother from the aiport tonight!!!  and i get to see samurai and unpack all the shit i'll be packing up from my apt after work
@mizsprieta aw. feel better. im sure youll have a great day 
Finally got gym access, I can finally bike to work!   45 min commute vs. 1.5 hr commute, sweet!
@FrankieTheSats I know!! Haha awww yous look so trendy in this weeks more mag doin ya work outs!  hope your not 2 jet lagged! take care x
On my way 2 pick my cap'n gown up  I gotta get my hair done &amp; tha whole 9!!!! Its gone B a long weekend :p
@MakeUpByZay i need 2 make an appointment w/u- u free next saturday?? going 2a wedding &amp; need my make up done..u can add it 2ur portfolio 
@nicksantino hm. forever&amp;always tonight? that would be awesomeeeee  see you in a few hours!
Haha the full body massage I gave him got him snoring.  job well done if ya ask me =P
@AnaVOLTAGE  lol ummm same shit lol home bored boohoo llol  get on aim lol 
driving home from work listening to &quot;yeah&quot; on y101  yay for me 
@Karilo13 oh cool....ill try to catch it...alright, imma keep watching the movie...enjoy ur chill night 
headed to kristines. not in a party mood anymore and she didnt wanna come out after work. at least i went to dinner 
http://twitpic.com/5ck1s - worked hard to get that lol xD a work in progress  check back in a month hah
oh, best believe ima get that money honey!! nite 
@ArnaudJacobs no dont thank again. I send so many sometimes, I dont know which end is up  as 4 the pic, honestly cannot remember-I hav ...
WOOH!&gt;&gt; totally tired today!.. hehe  did a bit of work.. i did;;; hehe.. anyways.. all i did was cut some wood, cook,and dishes.. fmm fun?
@monica_c87 OMIGOODNESS! that's fricken A-M-A-Z-I-N-G  wooohooo! another meet up in progress of being planned ladeedadee!
@BellsCullen1901 hey i may not be right. dont blow charlie off spend the night with him. things will work out i hope. 
now puting on new shoes....fabulous shoe round 2...see live stream I'll show ya! 
@shaundiviney naww dnt regrett [ and regret trying to incorperate our fans into our work.....] xD yous are greatt  dnt feel bad 
@ZRHERO as i gave my self a ban to do coursework, but ya no i diserve a break 
@dongwayne gtg do work nows bye bye  @Stephdefying dont stay up late man, sleeping is needed for your health!
@JeffreyMD22 because I don't have nuff experience  I'm in my 2nd week of training.they need a nurse with at least 2-3 yrs of experience
chilaxing for a bit whilst the kids and ro visit the outlaws. need to get dressed etc soon but for now enjoying my lazy morning 
since  @sirasoulje is not in town dis we, i was supposed 2 lead cfc's dance prac 2day after mass. BUT, prac was cancelled. yayy! lucky me 
@wazzow where you off walking? im not long home from work - tweeting whilst kettle boils for my cuppa and subway 
alright off to work on my fitness yet again..then sleep for work tonight! blah! have a great day my bsb bitches  ktbspa!
i gotta go !!! i'm so busy !!! anyways good day guys !!!!  !!!!! be back !!!  !!
done my make up for the youtube comp 
@MissKatiePrice shame about u and pete, i hope u and the kids are ok times like this u just wanna fade away be strong u'll get there 
done singing, one service down one more to go....now eating breakfast with the choir, heck yeah! 
@sammlessthan3 u did ur day work at the time of ur sleep  great ;P wat celebration u talkin abt ??
@kimbarweee eurgh im glad i cba cause id get nothing done  atall haha
@taylorswift13 no need to look like someone else! you are incredibly gorgeous taylor!  can't wait to see you in concert in 25 days!
is happy! spend a lovely sunday with the mister...and caught Angels &amp; Demons, awesome show 
@coffeemissy iam good been doing alot of work to the house 
@b_club we do! i'll be posting pics later today... gotta go be momma right now &amp; head out to a soccer game 
sunday night and at work... this week is only going to get better with lots of help from mr. alcohol 
'get outta here and dont come back for 5 to 7 days' , what a line  my girl what a movie! its hugely immensley good
eating pizza for breakfast...gonna get off the computer and go watch wall-e 
Hey!  I'm at work then later to walmart for new friggen headphones lol and ordering that thingy for the rents.
@gabi_s2_20 yeh look at your direct messages on the side and ill send it, send urs.. 
sittin' on the curb out sidda work. enjoyin' a beautiful day that spokane is offering. 
ok folks I'm gonna go and jump in a lovely warm warm and chill for a bit, might b on later or catch uz all tomorrow bye bye xxx 
going to go get starbucks with the mumma,then helping her at work,printing off some pictures, &amp; then another movie night tonight  text me.
@lovingyouiseasy Gotta make sure you're well 
scratch best buy found a better deal online... gotta finish paperwork and then play w beats! 
@pinpoint_uk i'm gonna make a note of the blackouts set list &lt;3   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
Standing outside my work enjoying the sun for a minute.  thank god its my friday!
have boooooring, really nothing to do, tomorrow it's school and we gonna work with shakespeare ;) and have some  drama exercise 
@itSBunnYFOO hope you came up with some fun bb girl stuff! my gift will be in the mail to you tomorrow 
bye everyone - im gonna watch my fav soccer team playing  go fluzao! see u later guys - good luck for fluminense now *-* we'll win! xx
&quot;If you hear my cry, running through her street, i'm about to freak, come and rescue me&quot; &lt;-- fave part  #jonasparanoid
@Lancerman69 haha.. anyway thanks for the follow.. good thing for your reply coz im bored.. 
@tweetles Thanks, i try and stay positive no matter what cuz negativity will only make it worse 
ok work calls. look out huntingdon you are my 1st dly of the night 
new find = entire season one of chuck. #savechuck   http://www.thewb.com/shows/chuck
@kieraroxanne strawberries and oatmeal work for me. if all else fails, theres ducolax frm pharmacy. 
im playing my monster at moshimonsters.com! try it. . it can boost your brain! 
@alilfatmonkey today it's raining lah. our office that sets temp to 25C also colder than usual. u come to sg to mall hop? which ones? 
@Morrica grows long (and fine) then I gotta work it to get it big, lotsa hairspray 
Early morning start to kick my body clock into action! Gonnna read a book thats not yet been published 
@msdiscreet girl i'm enjoyin it here in va with her  yea she just graduated from college and everything! hope things work out for ya
is about to lay down after i clean the kitchen....gotta get up in like 5 hours....say ur prays &amp; remember dreams become reality....nite 
im on track down to 72.8 and looking good!  got to finish uni reflection and exam !! n work a  bit more then europe bbyyyyyy yesss
watching acoustic paramore videos on youtube   i should b sleeping. gotta work 2morow morning.
@ddlovato dont worry girl i appreciate you and your work! 
survive monday at work...not bad...looking forward to friday  might go shopping again, one of the best therapy. hahaha 
@Dameunited nahh i'm fine...dont start work till 2 
im all stuffed up!  we should do something tommorow. lets go play frisbee and go on a walk and just relax! i think the answer is yes! 
@odedvard flex builder is going to be renamed to flash builder and theres been lots of noise about it... like it's gonna change our lives 
@FreeHearted hey freehearted.  - it was dope til 8am when the sun came up. hope your having a nice quiet night! ofa atu
@shimmy2one6 u 2 Shimster keep u da good work end of the yr ima need 2 hold smthing 
@air_n ummm yesss.  and ill come by tomorrow to shoe swap haha.
working through support tickets! what a start to a monday :/ good thing our new bug tracking system is so cool! almost done 
hung out with an ex-enemy. ugh, how much i hate you  writing a 3-page paper for my final.. gettin it done tonite so i ain gotta worry..
@MissKeriBaby it so sad knowing that ur no longer in nap lol we miss u come back 
@cheth My friend .. see a doctor asap, take enuf rest and drink a lotsa water  Be well soon 
@MadamSalami :O i loves hello kitty,found a nail varnish&amp;emry board in the squid shop on friday  think ill just get a normal plug for now
@joshtastic1 *hugs* get some cough medacine, bk at christmas I had flu and I lived of the stuff, sure u get drunk but u feel better 
@cdhinton ok pal - not gonna do it for a while anyway - helping out guy in unit next door just now 
@shaundiviney heard u on the radio  go have your shower now lol you guys sounded awesome  my daddy liked it lol
@kotiw12 thats ok i was a little busier than i thought id be, and didnt get a chance to twitter much..did u hava great wkend? 
Morning Boys &amp; Girls ! just got up .worst back pain ever .. gonna jump in the pool and then get some work done  how u doing ?
@ohsnapandrew Thats cool  i've decided i'm gonna start doing abit of acoustic work in the summer :/
@bethyliu @austin I am sure yesterday was a hoot to read.  I even smile myself as I see what I wrote, looks like I lost texting skills.  
@MeliMelzzzz I jst askd mum n she sed she tinks so...she gana look 4 it  bt wen I bort it, da guy sed if smthin happens cum bak dey'll fix
@davidgilray busy as a busy thing....catch ya laters 
@van94 naaaa! im sure stilettos is more expensive. maybe they cant afford it. cheap budget. LOL. 
@IamIli you have to! it gets interesting! hahahaha! just twittering. dang, i have history test tomorrow  let's hope my teacher forgets 
I'm fully energized from my 24hr post work sleep-a-thon. So now I'm back on my grind, hardcore training this mornin then shooting later! 
bahaha, i love how i have a tonne of homework due tomorrow and its kinda late, but i choose to straighten my hair 
On my way to school  finishd all my hw excpet for those little works for english. oh well.
@josianna soz to hear it sweetie (big hug)..im ok...if only they discovered a cure for work I would be happier) 
@AlTheYid Lol does it show? I've just found out that my job prob wont get much busier.. roll on going to the beach later 
@sage_in_spain I am well, thanks  How are you? The plan for today is to skip work, and enjoy myself! How about you?
Early free from school &amp; no work 2day - tryin 2 find somethin 2 do!!! 
let's have some fun, this beat is sick. i wanna take a ride on your disco stick. 
@ankitind now dat is a 'compliment', nybdy cn start ther web2.0 company provided d person work wid u atleast for a yr  
At work went to see angels and demons on friday night better than expected and had 21st birthday on sat all good fun cant wait till mine 
came home from work.  lotsa' fun today and lotsa' food. i am sooo busog. 
Lunch time  Not that i have food to eat oh well i finsh work at 6 not long at all -_-
@kol1986 People say mean things all the time, you just have to stand tall, hold your head high and walk forward; the rest will come 
@journey2health what a discusting background!  hope you succeed in quiting smoking. i will certainly never start.
@lilyroseallen yes all the time didn't think ne1 else did!!!!! U use 2 b able 2 buy cap things for the top so no bees culd get in!!!  
i think i will finally start reading twilight today at work!!! im way behind lol im only on the first book, but i have seen the movie! 
@BCS86 telling me too much info ! haha make sure ur following him &amp; tell folks to follow though  Pwease we gotta make em as popular as us
just realized that ALL the ring pops from friday are gone. crazy. maybe that'll be the next danceparty project. mmmmmringpops. 
ooops it's been a bit since i've been here. what can i say? work, family + oh ya, golfing fills up a man's days rather quickly  how r u?
@joshtastic1  I wanna go home and play on zelda =( stupid work, always gets in the way of life, how's flu? feeling better yet?
@sarathon yeah, if I don't pack my lunch the night before I make up an excuse not to before I leave for work.. its a vicious cycle 
hope you're having fun at work gemma  ha
@paulson500 work? thought ur hiding  x
@grahamcoxon got clean stripey socks yet? the nick drake cover is so wonderful... b-side please? good luck on tonite, take care! 
cant sleep so baking crazy amounts of goodies for everyone i work with tomorrow! 
cant wait for dance training to start 
@fatcatina hahah... we'll need to find a way to stop work one of these days and just chill... 
@asher_book hey asher  i loved the love struck video!! it was very very nice!!! good luck with everything! hope to meet you one day luv u!
@aparajuli cool! I love free work drinks. Don't get too wasted  no, screw it - party hard, u only live once!
@DwightHoward dont brake shot clocks anymore  lol. good luck tomorrow dwight! your amazing.
@emigibney the 4od service, i'm an idiot so i know no other way. am watching it now before work 
alright all,  im heading to bed. i shall be back tomorrow at some point  going to try to get the internet to work at work  ?
@nicshields thats wonderful!  i grow up in both places. i love both places. head back real soon for a quick holiday. when's ur next visit
I think im tired enough now 2 go 2 sleep. maybe I should join a gym &amp; work this out? @ least it'll make me more tired.. k, nite ya'll! 
full &amp; ready 4 a big nite with whoever shows 
So waiting for the 558, so me and miss birthday girl ammie cn go get our nails done 
@Aissatoucm i gotta see this new guitar sometime soon!!  xoxoxox
how can i relax spending $6million that i stole, with my mom calling and asking frikkin questions?? I'd hafta give it back  
@BusaBusss bright and early.. *hard works for real* morning. busta' what it is right now, busta.. nananana 
playing with #seesmic again. i think i'm ready to make the move from tweetdeck ... it's different, but in a good way   http://tr.im/m5bD
@TheAmyBrenneman have outacted all of em. with priv prctice on break, maybe he wants u to just rest, or maybe u just wanna rest 
gotta love the pay day  time and half weeekend starting  &quot;they fight so much its like watching tv&quot; let's see wht will happen today.
ok, it seems I arrived at work an hour ago... gotta do something about that ;) see you later 
morning all, its #followfriday all ready? let me have a cuppa then I'll do mine, can't think yet, hows everyone anyway? 
work at 5am oh fun.. southbank n nando's sunday yeeew 
@hayduchovny thanks  ill try and get that done for ya tonight .
fuck my life  mad tests/quizzes today even though no ones gonna be in school.
thought the business studies exam was easyy  cant wait for these hols to begin can chilax! mothers taking me out for starbucks how nice? x
love my job on these pleasantly cool sunny days  @Borrishotch hope your ok feelin better today?
work so don't want to go...1 week until cali 
@jun6lee get paid work obvi!  
come on maltesers give @shaspi and i a suggestion for a relaxed drink (or 24) on a sat nite. large but not loud venue pls 
@GeorgeRowson im fine thank you  just got back from the gym, and now im gunna do some more of my assignment how bout u?
@DavidArchie hey, aren't you afraid of H1N1 virus there in your country? hmm. hope your doing fine  
http://www.modelmayhem.com/evelora dont sleep, check my stats. get @ me this is history in the making   if you didnt kno, now  u do
@wendylimerick Yes indeed, just gonna work away and try get myself a nice holiday 
@petite_puce love your focus and persistence though! gotta be done - I'll get you on wine again easy 
@UBlog sounds really good!  btw, I read your blog every day, I love utada. thank you for your good work!
TGIF everyone. lookin fwd to a gr8 day. hope work goes fast so i can enjoy the weather. no big plans yet tonite, we shall see 
i need a book to read. im suffering from reading withdrawl. goooodbyeee and goodnight twitterrrrr. tv better have nice things, 
@headkrack omg that mix is off da hinges.. got me dancing at my desk.. no one is at work today! 
@xiape aayup bro! Is it your bday?We will have a good catch up soon, at work  but we all good! Cops pulled me this morning for a wheelie
@MiraGabi nop, ma zannet sweety, am more thinking about my career &amp; business future... the news is related to new work 
work 10-2, finishing packing (hehe oops!), and then homeeee for the weekend! 
Up early eventho work aint till 1pm, no biggie I'm about to smash these fuckin waffles and head back to bed 
you bennys stay in sleeze side. thank you 
work!! movie makin!! birthday party!!! bar hoppin w. new friends!! todays gonna be great hope everyone has  great day 
@misslaurie I'm working my way down the list ma...patience babe.  in a meeting now.
@carthalis dont try to explain ! It just wont stick, maybe showing them does the trick or get your ful dungeonset on to work next monday 
just got home from gettin' the flowers and such. cleaning my room. then who knows. prom!  gotta remember to charge my cameraaa.
playin search and destroy with lance...good times 
@Jonasbrothers I love u with all of my heart..that is y im workin 4 jobs..plus school...so i hope this works!  I love ya-JeSSa
booked a commercial! pretty stokedd. writing a research paper.. im almost done with my english course!! wahooooo!! 
really excited to sleep, i'm soooo tired! but in a good mood  i actually completed and understand my pre calc homework, thats new for me.
@amalzingsong: LOL okay. baby on board. let's have lunch then 
just reorganized new living room &amp; A/V stuff - local peeps should come visit &amp; hang out with me!! 
list of things to do....1. clean kitchen :-? 2. blow dry and press hair :-X 3. look for employment :-/ 4. get the eff out of this house! 
@kuyenx aww i know..maybe i can record it at home and then we can watch it on friday   oh and the thing on sat is $12
#california - Everyone goes thru chit, and chit goes through everyone, it's how we see, learn &amp; choose to process chit that matters most 
@bri_hearts_nick ;; aw its okayy. i'll be fine. stuff just happend this weekend. aw thankss i'll tryy. ily2! 
okay, im done babbling... for tonight  goodnight everyone! sleep tight, dont let the bed bugs (eew?!) bite! sweet dreams 
@right2execute thanks my love. let me know when you have time to celebrate   miss yo ass!
@allthingsd Any chance you can seriously improve detail of schedule, beyond &quot;general session&quot; etc? Or improve the video quality/length? 
@crusaderz4life see now you making me tweet again lol. im glad your doing great!. and meeting new peeps thats great! 
@victoriaaa_ lol wing it ;) gotta goooo by bye enjoy work 
@mileycyrus Me too! But I gotta do the 9-5 thing everyday so I have to get to bed sometime..except for weekends! 
uggh i cant wait till my hubby get's home from work... just  wanta spend time with him 
@renneang.... hahaha... no, make sure dentist is cute. LOL 
G'night everyone. love ya.  @Passcooall good luck for tomorrow. ;)
done with my research paper = slackin the rest of the year at school  hahaha yesss i'm so glad its doneee
hey Twitville not feeling well 2day. catching a cold. ( send ya girl sum get well love) thx 
Getting tired...need to actually wake up in the am so I can do things. I'm such a slacker it's pathetic...but thats why im hot mess 
@vlcupper been a guest for a while, havent been on past episodes and so on, will be in the upcoming ones. done theater mostly up till now 
#sayra says: hi bbs........ i hope in my room for have to nice conversation and play    .... kisses bye
hey Twitville not feeling well 2day. catching a cold. ( send ya girl sum get well love) thx  ?
@awstn_jglo no kidding-I agree!  And thank goodness for 11am workdays...One of the many reasons @komenaustin is the bomb-diggity  haha
gave a bum a dollar on my way home from work and it made me feel good. i don't care if it's spent on alcohol,we all need a buzz sometimes 
I was told I wasn't writing enough reports on-line for work. OK, so I'll give them what they ask for  http://ff.im/3mht2
@jesseluna .aw... thank U jesse.... &amp; O... btw... thank U all the way back 2 when i kept buggin u 2 follow me... &amp; u didnt say get lost 
I'm gonna try to sleep now. definatley missing out on the next 15 hours of the world.. night! &amp; follow me 
I'm wearing down guys..gotta fix this wig in the am, my sons 1st grade graduation is tommorow 
@roshnimo whats up? u seem to be heading down the depression ladder these days. come to gurgawan lass! stay is free 
@hazie12 I do work but what were u planning on doing? If ur having a dinner or something I could roll...just gotta bounce out by 11 
Just got off work now im goin to wall mart then makin a phone call to someone special  ha ha
hope you had a laughter, love and magic infused day   i'm super busy editing a video app for a new job!  woohoo!!  i'll post it when done!
tired got up 2 early cnt get 2 sleep lol hope u lot have a nice day 
okay did my good deed of the day. donnie + phone= good sleep for me&amp;him 
and tonight? 10 man hard mode hodir done. 3 min kill.  hyper now. thank god for tomorrow off for freelance work - can sleep in 
@cproppe beam me up scotty! glad to hear you're making progress with your knee. live long and prosper. 
@Meggs_3lizabeth yeah, working is kind of lame! but the money is good good  haha i'm going to text you in the morning dear! &lt;3
hmm, i feel fairly accomplished. should i do more work? i think i'll go sleep now. nite nite 
Designing my 21st invites..better then uni work  also @markpolchleb weird tute or what?
So, I'm gonna start lookin for a job so I can actually get a computer back in my room 
@nopattern merzbow's nice,good for work. did you give lamb of god's latest album a listen? seen you talking about gojira the other day 
@JKnow73 @datachump thanks for surprising me this morning sean! i did a full double take whilst getting cawfeeeeeee.  safe travels!
@Shadez @geek_rohit  good to know boys .. looks like a big plan is underway.. 
OK - haven't even sent the last 3 work emails I started, but must away to the sore feet focus group thingy.There'll be food &amp; wine there 
loved the cs graffiti life show. awesome night. i'm really proud of myself because i didn't feel the need to hold back my feelings. 
@NoToriousTori cuz i went to sleep when i got home from work. i didnt have any dinner.  lol no judging 
gettn a lot of go's for chicks wit tats!!!!!! yo g havent heard from u in a while.... u surprised me!!! 
@jadeepops omg yay!! you'll get it  soon you'll be famous, better remember me when your living in hollywood :L
Totally passed out on the couch instead of taking that run... Woops! 
@JeyOfSoulDiggaz yay!!  im glad u like!!thats my girl,back in the college day we used2 work 2gether, i still try 2 as much as i can
@lexusbaby haha which part wha I wrote dem lol...I kno my stuff b good I b sayin  madd sick joe trynna tellem 1 time
@yashgupta its simple to make ! so simple to make  i can do it, anyone can do it in a matter of minutes! but u wil get ur turn fo sure 
@Sylviiarh LOL i will now try to go after conversing with lolmonster, so i shall ask mum and finish work by saturday or something 
@aefpix yes it will be a very long weekend. Lots of work to catch up on. I hope you have a wonderful one 
goin to get breaky soon. should get our new phones today *happy dance* idk which one i want yet, i just wanna get a good deal 
@donniewahlberg hii donnie hope your doing good love ya and cant wait till summer tour 
Is off work sick, but had a facebook message this morning and is a lot happier now 
