Most common words for this cluster:
[('work', 188), ('morning', 170), ('tomorrow', 18), ('evening', 13), ('afternoon', 10), ('night', 9), ('coffee', 5), ('ta', 4), ('home', 4), ('hours', 4), ('way', 4), ('sleep', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'morning', 0.749464750289917), (u'work', 0.7281932830810547), (u'afternoon', 0.6584161520004272), (u'evening', 0.5862771272659302), (u'day', 0.5359038710594177), (u'night', 0.5333712697029114), (u'MCCORMACK_Good', 0.5307504534721375), (u'mornings', 0.5275857448577881), (u'MCCLELLAN_Good', 0.522548258304596), (u"o'clock", 0.5028359293937683)]





Wishing it wasn't 245 in the morning.  sleeping is awesome, work is not, and I need to scrub my apt!
Not liking being back at work this morning 
I thought i'd managed to dodge the cold going around work but woke up this morning feeling like i'd swallowed a cheese grater 
good morning world ! its to early to be at work ! 
dang i have work in the morning 
just got home from work...work again tomorrow morning.  shower then bed now...
morning folks... here i am bored at work again.. only 5 more hours to go.. then all over again tomorrow 
I should go to bed. I have work in the morning  and i'm starting to get concerned that i am talking to myself as my friends don't use this
@meganmichellee I have to stay at work until 0730 tomorrow morning. 
Omggg so tired! I do not wanna get out of bed and get ready for work!  its only 5 in the morning!
is at work and really tired this morning still not feeling good!  when will I get better?
@krishayes I've been at work since 5 this morning. 
not watching 24 tonight  gotta work in the morning
evening....work tomorrow 
is doing some budgetting at work this morning   http://plurk.com/p/p4u88
@Russhelle This is the perfect morning to be home ... instead ... I am having a coffee at work too. 
@Schofe can i come work at this morning? i'm bored here. 
good morning twitties!! back to this school work 
up early awaiting a plumber - tis chilly this morning and I left my coat at work 
Going to they gym for my morning interval train before work but I stuck in traffic 
is boiling hot in work  but looking forward to this evening 
I have work in the morning   I hate working Saturdays.
@ryleedavis I went home and right to sleep from work this morning. I just woke up right now 
needs to sleep for work in the morning but doesn't want to 
work tomorrow morning 
Blahhh work at 10 tomorrow morning 
I'm now @ work    had a nice morning w/ my family &amp; soccer  
going to bed, work in the morning 
something is very wrong about this - i'm going into work at 04h30 this morning until 12h30. 
I don't want to open tomorrow morning at work 
I just remembered i had to poop before i left work this morning, and I haven't pooped yet 
work in the morning 
Honestly I am not sure why I am still up when I have work in the morning 
@DjDATZ I would LOVE to but I have work in the morning 
My jog this morning was pathetic so I'm gonna have to hit the gym after work 
@SEPIS haha yeea  i should to go to sleep i have work in the morning and i work tomorrow night too =/
needs to go to sleep...ughhhh work again in the morning 
5:30 in the morning and I'm at work 
@pjclare no...early morning dr appt before work 
mobwarring and thinking about work in morning and dreading it 
back at work  and having my mid morning pop tart. haha
meeting for this afternoon has been canceled this morning. All the work I put into this the whole week just for nothing 
Going to bed early work in the morning. 
is hungry but wayyy to tired to get up. work in the morning 
goodnight all...must try to sleep for work awaits me in the morning. 
good morning work this morning gutted lol nevermind 
At work but punchy due to two early morning pager events. 
@PaulMcGwinn i could really fancy a nap right now but i am at work at 7am and i feel that if i nap now i am wasting my evening 
doesn't know what to do this evening &amp; is D R E A D I N G work tomorrow  it sucks.
Doing homework and then going to bed, have to leave at 6:50 tomorrow morning for work  and then i wont be off till 6
Up drinking coffee i have work at 7 in the morning 
is preparing for a morning at work 
baah good morning.. had to get up early for work.. haven't slept much  more coffee then
Right time to do some work as i have a meeting on monday morning... 
Wouldn't you know it - the one morning I forgot my cell is the one morninf there's work issues 
@ThisStarChild  he was at work this afternoon and hasnt been seen since  *mopes*
Has to get up for work tomorrow morning...Not sure if i can 
had a goood morning..but now has to start doing school work. 
Waiting for the sun to come up for morning cleaning work 
is watching i know who killed me then going to bed got work in the morning 
@RandiLee183 I'm at work this morning too 
is at work at 8.30 in the morning, 
Really need to go to bed now, have work in the morning, or should I say later!? 
@ForrestTheCat my mom does too, but she can usually only do it early in the morning and in the evening. Not at work... 
I would much rather be back at the beach then in my cold work this morning 
So much for productivity at work. I can't connect to the network this morning. 
My zoe is limping this morning, I had to leave for work. 
Ugghhhhh got in the house 8 this morning and now I'm at work til 9  ***tears***
@utku @alexandrapullin That's the @wearesocial work local as it happens. But I'm tied up this evening alas 
enjoing my last free evening ... tomorrow work will start 
damn really haven't done as much work as i should have this evening 
A very relaxed evening albeit alone...  Now to review some work ready for the morning
morning! still tired  want more sleep but im going to a work meeting with my mum :-/
damn it! came into work really early this morning and forgot to put contact lenses in 
Goooodnightttt not pumped for work in the morning 
@coreyskort morning corey.  I'm at work, how good do you think I am 
feeling groggy this  morning. need sleep but have a lot of work to do. 
About to head to probably a very long long  evening at work 
on the way to the  beach jamming out  to nsync..work at 8 in the morning 
is complete for the night, gotta get up early in the morning for work! 
Fever so high this morning, I woke way to late for work 
i dont want to start work at 8:30 tomorrow morning 
in pain, really sore back, worked too hard at work this morning 
rainnn  work tomorrow morning and night! followed by work sunday morning and night. YAY
is off to bed, gnite all, work in the morning  xxxxxx
8 outta 10 catz then an early night - work in the morning 
bedtime. Gotta work in the morning  nighttt
I'm going to be late for work  good morning all.
At work since morning.  but I have almost 5 hours to go, hope it would go by quickly.
good morning twitter! had an excellent night's sleep! Now have to get ready for work  boo
I had to be at work at 730 this morning 
@lisatella I envy you, I have been at work since 3 this morning and still got another 4 hours and the weather is great 
@NaomiStevenson still at work, probably leave before 7pm, back tomorrow morning 
@cubanas wish I did... gotta work in the morning 
I forgot I have to wake up around 9 in the morning for work...crap.  goodnight.
still reeling from a busy sunday morning...  work today is draining.
Sleeep..... work in the morning!! 
going to sleep..work in the morning aka noon 
Sometimes you're walking home from work in the morning and you see a used hypodermic needle on the sidewalk. 
Getting ready for work again  did not want to wake up this morning.
i have work on the morning of warped 
has been happily content with her creative writing this afternoon, however she should go to bed, she has work in the morning 
@joemcd indeed - I have work tomorrow morning 
at work all alone  morning coffee already gone 
tryna find a good morning jam before I have to leave for work 
Struggling to stay awake at work this morning 
@steveheath i could use another dunkins this morning but i'm stuck with work coffee 
is not looking forward to this afternoon at work 
haning out with tara.. work in the morning.. 
@ work.. The rain was soothing me back into a lovely sleep this morning but I had to get up 
ahhh worked from 10 yesterday morning till way after 12 and night, and now thats me heading back into work 
just about to head for work, what a shit morning it is. I hate the rain 
I am keeping my head down and cracking on with work this morning so no tweeting for a while - boring but annoyingly necessary 
boo. it's 4:30 in the morning and I can't sleep bc I had a giant red bull @ work to keep me awake f/ the floorset which ended early neway 
shift work in the afternoon - YAY!!! 
I can't believe I didn't think to try to update my iPhone this morning before I left for work. 
@HELLOKlTTY it's whack the update wasn't availble this morning, I checked before work LOL...I think they put it on just a hour or so ago 
I wish I was at work already. So many delays this morning 
ok i suppose beings that i have to get up for work in the morning i should go to bed soon too 
my alarm didnt work this morning 
why am I still up? this is crazy, I have to get up for work in the morning 
morning!! just in work very very tired. im off tomoro not too bad but working sat now 
that stupid bird is outside my window again. i'd also like to know if i need to go into work this afternoon 
Up late this morning, got to go into work today.  Really tired and really late....
work 10-3. then who knows.  if it's nice this evening maybe yardwork 
didn't get an iced mocha before work this morning, I'm very upset 
going out 2nite...work early tomorrow morning 
@Grubbyfoot only in the morning i'm afraid  work in the afternoon
Wishing I wasn't at work - too sad to work it was so quiet this morning without my little man singing to me before I leave 
@richardlai I wish I was there!!!! I have to be in work this morning 
friday morning, headache and loads of work 
I'm at work locked out of my own office what a great start to my friday morning 
My alarm didn't go off this morning. No working out for me. 
work is slow this morning 
friday evening..at work..trying to code! wow..so exciting! 
Is about to go bed got work in the morning  finished my exams woo!
work at 8 in the morning 
work in the morning, boo 
@darthhamster told me that it is &quot;essential&quot; that I tweet regularly this morning, so I shall endeavour to do so! Just leavin for work now 
All night outing... work from 12am to 6am... 
going to bed, work in the morning  goodnight!
good morning tweepsters! getting ready for work  i'd rather tweet all day with you!
work in the morning   
is at work on a saturday morning 
Ugh! I have work in the morning 
@facunditas i have to behave myself anyway, i have work sunday morning 
going to have a fun filled morning of lawn work! yay! 
@nicolextee except that it was in the morning... I woulda hopped on that!  missing out on 9 hours of work... :'(
This feels like the longest morning!!!  I need work to be OvER!
@caesarsj slow morning at work  how about you?
got in trouble for her shoes at work this morning. 
@farebear Sorrryyyy  I have work this morning so I couldn't stay up or I totally would've.
says work till morning....good luck for me...  http://plurk.com/p/12imy9
I've got work at 8.30 in the morning. i should really goto bed but i can't sleep! 
hanging out with my beautiful girlfriend....not excited about work in the morning 
@kaylajagalherr no she's leaving soon cause she has work in the morning 
My bed was SO comfy this morning I didn't want to get out for work 
Really cannot be arsed with work this afternoon 
@LorenDakin, I don't think i can come later, I've got work at 8 in the morning and I can't afford a taxi 
Four hour ride home back to tennessee  10am work out in the morning.
@seePhor I want to text you but I don't want to wake you up. I can't remember if you have work this morning! 
morning all.! at work, still sick, totally sedated by pills.! 
work in the morning. 
going to sleep, I have work in the morning 
@airikablackburn exactly, sleep all morning..i have to wake up at 7 for work 
I freaking hate work .. Especially on thursday morning 
Morning all, busy fucking morning at work, missing a lot. 
@frannykirbs Was goofing off while enjoying morning coffee. Now about to leave for work. 
sprinting into work this morning! running a little behind!  
Hopefully this afternoon I'll be able to go driving after work. 
Getting ready for work, hope it was as smooth as yesterday. XD going to gym this evening 
Lovely drive into work this morning, looks like being a gorgeous day!! 
I'm DJ'ing the morning work out lol 
At work with this sunny morning outside 
   thrilled about being at work this morning   
has a twitter now!  tired and need to go to bed! work in the morning.
morning!  i see my background works now...but i don't really like it very much. what do you guys think?
is going to bed, work in the morning boo but then gets to see my B 
@janeybelle15 morning sounds like hard work 
good morning of work ... completion of this project is soooo close. 
I love waking up at 4:00 in the morning  for work  excited for tomorrow though!!!!
good morning...work the going to get my new ipod 
hey everyone wanted to stop in to say good morning, again I have to be at work really early eatting and then on my way out 
Having to be at work this early in the morning is just WRONG!!!  
Too slow at work . So me and the co-workers are getting lifted as bbk would say  somewhat unsuccessful night yesterday but was still chill
yuhuuu just got back from morning test at work, good afternoon everyone 
is getting on with work and looking forward to the evening 
@AndrewFreels aww it's really sweet of you   buut unfortunately I didn't get all of my work done and I was really tired this morning.
