Most common words for this cluster:
[('working', 270), ('day', 46), ('today', 36), ('tomorrow', 26), ('work', 25), ('home', 22), ('time', 16), ('night', 15), ('quot', 10), ('weekend', 10), ('hours', 9), ('week', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Working', 0.9798011779785156), (u'working', 0.6280356645584106), (u'Collaborating', 0.5460442900657654), (u'work', 0.5078137516975403), (u'Work', 0.5030916333198547), (u'BEA_BMC_Software', 0.47902408242225647), (u'Together', 0.4773368835449219), (u'Negotiating', 0.45990872383117676), (u'USS_Iwo_Jima_Amphibious', 0.45516520738601685), (u'Playing', 0.4504452645778656)]





A few catering gigs, very cool, getting ready for the normal week.  Working on Easter.  
@chhavi Working, working, working. 
Trivia was triviatastic. Home again. Working. 
Not been the best twitterer today - first one of the day and it's nearly the afternoon. Working too hard again 
Feeling awful, not hangover ill but ILL and what am i doing for the rest of the day? Working 
@bob_ham Working on it now 
@justinlevy Working  but lots of happy guests 'cause the weather is good - then catching the end of the Bruins game - you?
At the  office  Working on Sundays sucks.
Is Working. I'll be back at 5.. arff 
Ugh. Awake and getting dressed for my 11-4 shift. Working on weekends sucks.. 
T minus 12 minutes of work left.  Working in an office with no windows is like..hmm..I can't even think what its like 
Poorly kitty cat  Working from home to try and calm her down (and clean the mess up!)
@Stulittle Working as per usual - not fun and its sunny outside  A day of Twittering I think. You going to classes?
Where are you at d-man?!?!? Working 
@zarathevegan Working. Delivery day tomorrow. 
I can't attend Geek Meet http://tinyurl.com/cj9j46.  So sad. Working in the same time frame.
im writing my book, apparantly its something every good copywriter should have... Working at 6  boo
Another day at work   Working on the weekend sucks but the moneys pretty good. Time to bite the bullet.
Just got back from watching Obsessed at the drive-in....great movie. Working a double tomorrow     
Eugh drying my hair for work  i don't want to go ! Working with a right moody bitch today which sucks !
Well... Working was boring barely anyone came  maybe because every freakin person went to ripe!! So bummed 
Just woke up but now going back to bed for a little while. Working in 4 hours. 
Dang today is going to suck! Working a nine hour shift  and my back is already killing me from yesterday.
@KimberlyCole1 Working till 7pm tonight 
Still Working 
@amitry Working an XServer right now that's not playing nicely suddenly with AFP.  Logs aren't helpful either. :-/ About to rebuild.
@carole29 Working all weekend? Nice! 
Baking banana loaf. Working tonight 
can't believe vaca is over  Working tomorrow 1-8:30!
http://twitpic.com/4yppp - Working on it...so hard to get my mom's approval 
Hi everyone! I'm so behind on tweeting I apologize! Working my biz, this gets pushed down lower on my list especially on Mondays! Sowwy 
Watching afv! Funniest show EVER! Working on essays to0, my back hurts 
Long weekend became an extra short one. Working Saturday 
@jackieamodeo I just like i guess accessorizing things.. which isn't really what i mean. Working while your sick in a freezer is balls. 
@uberproject will there be any other dates this year at all ? Working both those dates 
@sage_in_spain aw that's rough  Working from home is a nice thing - I've been a work at home mom for the past year, it's nice!
@curtismuldrew Working and wondering what time I'll get to lay down  Wait a minute...what about YOU? 
It's too early... Working then sleeping then working. All day till 8am tomorrow 
Lying in bed so bored  Working at 5 :| i really don't want to x
Working on a Sunday, watched Taken last night- sooo good. Then SNL-lol- alex trebek- love it. Working now, gonna miss the sunshine 
Eff. Working 1 to 8 
Eff. Working 1 to 8  - Eff. Working 1 to 8  http://bit.ly/M5MDF
had a lot of fun @ some grad parties this weekend but didn't get a lot of sleep.  Working, grading &amp; then crashing early tonight.-I?M.N.
@Metruis Working until 7 on Saturday   I can see if someone will take the shift, if that will work for you.
@benji_mouse Working, but wising I was cycling 
Noshit party was great !!  Working on a new track now .... and it's raining in Amsterdam 
played W101 real late last night/ seen 1st real bad xp of fighting in game. WOW!/ ended up with new friend @ end of night / Working now 
What a weekend! Working today, even thought it's a holiday. 
@amykate sorry to hear that  Working from home has it's merits!
@thinkaboutart I would really rather be sleeping though, ha.  I need some sleeping pills to knock me out. Working on anything interesting?
@JimPaxman Working on birthdays is horrible   I had to work on Christmas day 2006 in Japan 
Blackout; no power, no traffic lights, in my neighborhood  in #Barcelona. Working on the laptop w/ 3G card. Welcome to the 1st world 
Been to Asda and now going to blitz the place for kiddies coming round tonight for dvd and sweeties!  Working tomorrow though bah 
Woohoo! Working 6am to 630 pm today! Yay!  lol
work sent me home, because I am still really sick.   Working on web stuff all day.
Celebrating 8th wedding anniversary Alone, Working 
@ksuyin No.  Using the beta! Working good so far.
Vacation is over until June 29th!  Working the weekend
@ExMi I wanted to but a spot opened up too late. Grrr. Working weekend  What you up to?
@trixie360 trivia? Working, no computer! 
@mikebugout Nooooo!  Working this weekend 
 I had to postpone the photoshoot. Stupid Wisconsin weather. Why can't it be sunny? Working out, tanning, preschool grad night, then out!
@JustTeaching haha nice to know I'm not alone! Working in the BBC and can't see it 
Have to run! I'll be on later and hopefully can catch everyone I missed today. Working on web is a bear and so I miss a lot. 
LOL Was it nice today? because I totally just woke up and wasted my day  Working on a few things for this youtube project I'm in! w00t!
@moonfrye Working extra hours... 
@adamgoldston Working a late shift  I usually work early.
Bored. Working on my midterm for summer classes...can't wait to be done 
Headed home after long first night working at festival. Working junk food booth-making cotton candy, churros, popcorn..Back their tomrw 
is hurting.  Working out doesn't make you feel good in the begining. 
Tummy ache from too much candy   Working till 3 and then going on some sort of suprise-day-before-birthday adventure?
Finally a day with not too much chance of rain and what am I doing?? Working!  Oh well
@miketopia I'm also in the big grey box, Working not shopping   you tried topman?
@Angelkiss283 Working is no fun!  How about today?  Angie and I were going to work on a project, but I guess she's going camping now. 
We are perfect .. Together alone. This is so peaceful. The world is wat effs us up 
Another loser: Working..thinking about how Denver lost the game last night  They had a great sea.. http://tinyurl.com/kwl87s
Away to bed! Working tomorrow  xo
Finally found problem with two songs;.whew! Collaborating is good if someone admits there's a problem;  hate it had to be me 
just got off work and so tired! Working at CVS tomorrow 10 to 6 then back to summer school  Effff my life this month. haha
Gooodnight.... Working 10-6 again 
@MikeyPod unfortunately not dancing. Working 
Really tired! Working far too early 
Flying back to UK tomorrow. Working during the day as well means I've got to spend tonight packing 
Sunshine. Yay. Working indoors all day, bummer 
@chef_cuisine Working on a new version right now, actually. Should be one or two weeks 
I want to go hooooooooome!  Working on my 6th straight day, tomorrow is #7.
@bngr Working m'dear... 
@bngr Working m'dear... 
@GAMEVIL Thanks  I reinstalled the game thus  losing my save   .Working my way back up to the Oasis. Hoping it doesn't happen again
Wow, people really do say some interesting stuff on twitter.  Working on homework ... still 
I'm really ready to go home. Working 6days straight is NOT for me.. And I'm only 4 days into it.. Lame 
At costa coffee. Skipped lunch. Working out of here. Massively Hungry. 
Back in UK. Working whilst people in DK are on holiday 
I am up and getting ready to leave! Working in the city today 
@maverick4880 Working in about a half hour. 
Wondering why I'm not in Colorado this week with my parents, hiking and rafting!  Working all week messes up vacation plans! Envious!
It's raining.    And my tummy is hurting.  Working on photos.
@hotelqueen I'm on IGN now.  Working but starting to stall now.  #xboxe3 #stream #fail
Thanks @CathrineFeehely @zimpeterw @kMcDiva @LeslieKeffler @Dputamadre for the follow friday! Working all day..not a lot of twittering 
@FLPinotGuy Working on a new tee shirt design right now! Really, really cool. Won't be free tho 
@geekynat Not procrastinating. Working proverbial butt off. Will txt you when I leave office. Probably won't be early though 
Morning... Working but not feeling well 
Time to head to work. Doing the late shift today to cover. Working till 6pm 
@ work.. Working 10-20 all damn week.. 
Sigh.  Working with a fabulous team makes the job so much easier... it stinks when the whole dynamic is changed  Getting ready for Aug. 4
A 2 hour work day? I could get used to that. Working on a paper the rest of the day 
Our modem has been down &amp; needs to be replaced. Working right now for no apparent reason, but will likely not last long 
Going to bed after a crazy night last night!! Working a double tomorrow 
@gpjacob Yep. Working on my brother's dissertation right now of all things! I hate being a big sister at times 
@ThisisDavina it is if you look like you Mrs M... Working on it, but will be a time yet!!! 
@se1 That's annoying. Working from home today 
little to no grass, and what is there is covered in fireants, problem sloved with drinking liquor on the beach. 100% Working today. 
Fwah. Working all alone again today...it's going to be boring. Wish I could still use my phone at work to chat with people 
Sigh... Working too much thesr days.  
@Silentbx Working trying to take this flight out to JFK but its delayed  great start to the work day
I have a hard time being genuine, sometimes.  Working on it, though.
@janeyha I wish,,, baby been a right shit !!!! Working hard plus bloody hay fever !!!!  I'm a mess  xx
@DougMeacham Not out.  Working late, then all tomorrow. It is SO much fun to be me.
@geraldinetan Both of it. Working and study. 
Listening to Rich calling on his lost shoe. Can't decide if it's funny or terrifying. Working at five 
Is loving the rain! NOT! Working again today! means we will be busy in the carvery  xxx
@stewchambers No sadly not there. Working at home today 
@DivineChoice I'm great today. Working  ,  but it's Saturday so it'll go by quickly I think :s
@philalpaka nope... Working all day, will catch about an hour of the fest between performances 
I'm boreddd. Working 5pm-2am tonighttt 
@benhiscox Nuthingggs happeenndd.. Thats the problem, deeply bored. :/ haha.. Working for 8 hours then just sitting at home succcksss 
@x_Areli_x I'm restless too  Working on subguide adventures though.
@DiannaNp  Cool!  Working on st stuff while listening so I'm not too active in chat though 
just got home from work! Working all alone with no customers is pretty lonely. 
Had a busy, but productive day at work today... Working tomorrow too!  I will miss being at church with my fam &amp; friends tomorrow!
Just out of the shower. Brushed my teeth, now having some breakfast. Working 9-6 today 
@ Senorial Branch!!! &quot;Working&quot; 
I feel sickkk  sleepy. Working tomorrow wed and thurs early! Yawn 
Getting ready to head to work.. Working alone all day 
Okay.  I'm watching basketball finals while working.  Working in the yard today and missed French Open finals.  
I slipped down some steps last night and twisted my ankles  Working from home today in front of the fire. Hmmmmmm Snuggly!!!
@Quetina99 Working - left berkeley weeks ago 
Ughhh. Feeling wicked extremely gross  getting ready. Working 730-500
Up early ... Working   I'm not a morning person 
Is playing with shaving cream at work. Working til 7 today 
I just wanna work on the house  stupid calculus. Working on the house is more fun. I wish @spooons would bring me McDonald's LOL. jk,
*sigh* Working but wishing I could be on two wheels in the sunshine. 
Back from training! First actual day in the office tomorrow!! I'm so pumped!!! Working tonight at 6. 
@yuliz Working late and ran into Dana. this wknd is the absolute end  football party tomorrow nite
Another lovely day in sussex! Not a cloud in the sky. Working in the middle of knowehere, indoors. 
@Jahvi13 Working   Left the hutt gone 9.30 pm today.  *sigh*
@BillMorrow @angelsden Just saw you on Working Lunch... was hoping it would be longer 
Head hurts today but still pumped about VBS this week! We r having so much fun! Working with kids is great. I just miss my baby and hubby 
At work. Working. Calling about my car. I miss it 
@LAMBOLUX working. Working. &amp; ugh, more fucking work. I need a break 
home from rehearsal (: Working on &quot;homework&quot;  ahhh. I hate waking up! :/
Crap!!!  Working at home again. 
There's a very unpleasant smell in my kitchen. I suspect it's coming from the walls and I suspect it's a rat I deaded. Working here today 
@SueRK Yes, although it's now rather dark and persisting down   Working on what I've been promised is the last Minglish text ...Yay!!
So tiredd. Working 8:30 - 7:30 
@sleeprun Working from home...undercover...shhh... ; ) Sleepfun u promise me rockboys, but they're always unavailable to me... 
@LoNero Working all the time so don't get much chance to get into trouble  Moved to Miami for work, lovin the heat for sure.
@Quadrathon Working on it.  It was to support Iran, but can't get rid of it now 
Blah. Working late. Home at 10ish. 
having a shitty day. Working tomorrow. 
I should have stayed home sick: my office is flooded. Working from someone else's desk for now. 
My /Working/ folder is getting hairy... /scripts/, /scripts2/, /Functions/Test/Testing/Test2...  This isn't how to organize code 
Preparing myself for the long day ahead of me. Working a 12 hour shift at the clinic today. Yea... 
Schedule fail. I thought today was wednesay...which meant climbing/free time tonight with @dynamitekid ...fail. Working 
@cocktailvh1 Working. Boo.  I still have another 2 hours at the job then I get to relax! (And then do it all again tomorrow! ha ha)
Hey #gelattina que paso??   (Working @gelattina live &gt; http://ustre.am/32Ih)
@5minutesformom I would love to but I have to work during the day.   Working is getting in the way of my hanging out.
I cant wait for  wensday!! Transformers!! Working EVERY day.  Its so depressing.
One baby cantaloupe plant is not going to survive   Working hard to save the remaining 4
Kinda slow day today and tomorrow yet to come. Working Saturdays  oh dear
@tickedypoph Nawh, not tonight. Working tomorrow hopef... I'm still coughing like a maniac. My throat hurts sooooooo much 
Soo tired and feeling sick  I guess the 2 hour sleep Olive and I got didn't help either. Working till 7 
Feel overwhelmed but all the things I need to do/sort over the next week.Working tomorrow  but meeting good friends tonight 
Off to bed.. had to quickly attach something onto the costume.. @lucydurack would be so proud ;) Night all! Working tomorrow at DFO 
@Tikitender cant make it. Working. 
Why does the gym have to close at 9pm?  I only had half a work out  Working, busy mom's like me only get to gym at 20:30!
@himadagascar I dunno! Working 
is up cooking food, for her hungry ass stomach. Working midnights tonight! 
Where has the sun been? Working tonight. 
At goggle works.. Working yay  one more hour
@natsnapper or like blip? Oh well, be glad your stream isn't being filled with them! Working already? 
Arse. Working tonight 
http://twitpic.com/7vuil - Working in Manchester... its grey 
yay for a day off, then work tomorrow  Working at an airport ruins your life 
Being a lazybone and reading all these magazines dad brought home. Working at 5  Boo!
Awake, need to buy kitteh foodz before I head to work. Ugh.. LOL Working until 9pm 
Just woke up... Working out cause I didn't get a chance to yestrday 
Thought I had school today.  Working on vids from last three motorcycle rides.
Broke my toe yesterday     Working on the basement today!
Blergh. Working out is not a great thing to do on an empty stomach after ~4 hrs sleep. 
Downtown. Working all day. 
Just finished mowing. having a refreshing dr.pepper at the moment. Working on the jeep today w/ dad. Lots of problems w/ it. Stereo's out 
Woke up at 5:15 Working alllllll day 
Of course the day I'm craving jogging the most I have to work  ugh. Working 11 to 3 tomorrow so I'm for suree going when I get out
Home from project grad, so exhausted. Working now.  visit me
@InternQueen Working on a Saturday night...what a sad life we lead 
@lisphacker UT Dallas. Working on Low power video coding research work for the summer break. Havent reached anywhere though 
Personally confirmed Working full time &amp; grad school full time leaves very little time for fun especially on the weekends 
Hahaha nothing. Working forty hours 
Getting ready. Dads house for a Fathers day lunch. Working 4:30 to 9. Miss my boyfriend 
@bamber123 Working for me too today  Did &lt; than an hour the past three days :| so weekly hours = way less than they should be. Gna b bsy!
Doing a quick twitter check, then off to sleep. Working all day and up at 7am. Hoped to talk to @hardertospell but time got away from me 
Missing Grilles bday speedo pool party to come into work early  Working all day then Prive tonight!
Im still Working  http://twitpic.com/87678
Cant find Desperate housewives season 4, last disc. So need to do a clear out. Working tomorrow 
@UNBBlog crazy busy! Crazy, crazy! Not known work to be this busy for a long time. Working on a huge project.  Not much fun, no free time 
Watching Conan and reading before bed.  Working the next three days 
@3heelshigh Working. Rarely get out of work before 9 these days 
Finally deleted .mozilla  Now its Working
@FromYesterday I can't make it   Working&gt;&lt;
@kaffrin91 After-sun! Working wonders on my poor collarbones 
Noticing Sam is tweeting like there is no tomorrow. Working from home today, same I really have to work else I could be in the sun 
@TigerTigerCPT Working sorry got to miss this one. 
I don't know how I made it to work on time. 3 hours of sleep. Working 6 hours 
Gym ! Then Working eight hours  so excited to sleep tonight!!
Couldn't get moving this morning. Working in the sun everyday is getting to me 
@AndrewU Such crappy reception at my house, and my phone is officially broken.    Working on a solution - Got email, processing.
http://twitpic.com/2y8ie - Working at home 
'Twas a good day. Working on stuff for Jess's bridal shower and then probably going to bed. 
@motordoc  I wrote other peoples novels and such (Ghost writing or a &quot;Staff writer&quot;) Working on my own 
@FearMediocrity : Well, I try. Working around 4 kids has forced me to develop focusing skills 
Woke up late, no time for a shower :/   Working 11 to 6, I'll keep you posted on dumb girl/racist old lady/scary trucker quotes.  Twoosh  
@vidluther Its Working! 
in school! Working on my swedish project! 
@redallisonblack .. maybe you should sing 'Come Together' by the beatles 
Just got back from the morning session. &quot;Chip sun leong&quot; and &quot;Chum char&quot; all done. Working on the slideshow for the dinner tnite! 
Tired. Working. Mildly in pain. Watching data whizz over a terminal screen. Life on the edge indeed 
@Jennifer_Hess Working hard! Catching up from a week full of meetings -- meeting means not working, which means busy weekend 
@ayoslang I love the Philippines too!  Working on something so I could share the pride with other bloggers/twitterers.
@ErotiquePress thank you  Working on a YA paranormal that's more difficult than I thought  but enjoying it anyway
Its a beautiful day outside. Awake too early. Walking to work. Working 1130 to 900 
@Joi wonderful  Working with plants and earth is the best thing!
I'm ready for a break-out book. Working on it right now in fact. 
Another nice day again! Working in Goderich today so I can walk &amp; enjoy the weather 
#ExtJsInAction : Working on revising chapter 2, adding Ext.Templates to the chapter, moving Components to chapter 3.  Lots to do still. 
@therealbox Working?  
@stringerr Working out how to send the control keystrokes to screen was tricky too. probably will be an emergency only thing 
@SecretLifeFAN22 Pretty good. Working on a speculation video.  About halfway done now. XD
@aussiecynic Working hard... no wait, hardly working. yeah, that's it 
Storms were awesome last night. Working til the baby comes.  Dear lord I hope he comes quick. 
i'll tell you what i'm doing! Working! On a sunday...while still very much drunk! Getting into work at 7am on a motorbike was thrilling 
was impressed by the night! Working on my album/other people's stuff all week 
@jojojives Thankyou very much my friend !!  Working hard away trying to help everyone with my new Academy 
@yonigre yikes   Working on it now!
Soo glad I finally made a decision! Working on the details... 
@mcleodg busy in a great way   Working on some new training for my guys now.  What do you think of the new apple game thingy I hear about?
@migin working on it. Working on it  I'll be away for 12 days from Thu onwards
Relaxing after a great tour  Working on lots of new songs and tunes too!
r @dagda1 @chriscanal Working on #horn at the weekend was good fun. I think we're within sniffing distance of a tech preview release 
@TomFelton Working like every week lol!! Beside the bad sleep how is the mouth?  XX
@Inga_Ros All is well here, thanks! Working hard but loving it as usual, so all good  Trip to Germany soon, looking forward to that 
Noshit party was great !!  Working on a new track now .... and it's raining in Amsterdam 
@JeanGWang if you ever want a running partner or a stretching partner or whatev'...give me a holler!  Working out with someone else helps
Good morning twitterverse! Working from my parentals house this morning. best thing ever. 
@Leafybear lol Working for Born Free  we offer animal adoptions, membership etc and need to expand  our operation lol 
Good morning..it's such a nice day today   Working on more tracks tonight, until then...enjoying my day.
&quot;Working&quot; from home rules! I should practice it more often 
Walked off the bottle of red and cheese from last night with the dog this morning - lovely sunny day ahead. Working from hammock today 
@nuff55 Same old, same old. Working on the blog and looking for interesting people to cyberstalk 
@iMacstu Working day? 
@GlenGerreyn It was great meeting you at the Oaktree Generate NSW Meeting. Really inspired. Working hard on our event now 
@AshevilleFoodie Wow! U had a long day yesterday. U definitely deserve a short work day   Not too bad here. Working on some fun projects.
@shelleyephraim yea the twin thing is pretty hot. lol Working from home is what I  do everyday  its nice, but can be easily distracting.
@brianrandell Working on your executive platinum fflyer status for the year, eh? 
Thanks for the #followfriday mentions @hookedonwinter @bigcatjared  Working on my list!
Every freelancer shld try not to succumb to hermit-liviing.  Today, 2 friends are coming over w/  laptops  to work ! Together &amp; separate 
Being an insomniac. Work in the morning. Working out after. 
In the train.  Working day in brussels. Sunny day 
@BlueDanubeWine  The wines were very good - later more. Working hard to put Greece on the map of serious wine producing countries.
@CommuteKim Working on it as we speak.. 
Gotta love a late night booking!  Working with @laurelmcconnell on this one! Yay!!
