Most common words for this cluster:
[('work', 728), ('day', 70), ('tomorrow', 66), ('today', 65), ('time', 49), ('morning', 39), ('home', 35), ('http', 30), ('night', 29), ('am', 27), ('hours', 27), ('bit', 26)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Work', 0.9430963397026062), (u'Divorce_Diaries', 0.597858726978302), (u'Overcome_Obstacles', 0.587433397769928), (u'Find_Classifieds', 0.5802897214889526), (u'Diverse_Managers', 0.5770739912986755), (u'Less_Stressful', 0.5684966444969177), (u'Satellite_Shootdown', 0.5679738521575928), (u'Introduce_Myself', 0.5678669214248657), (u'Working_Overtime', 0.5676367282867432), (u'Cause_Delays', 0.5644431114196777)]





Man Work is Hard 
MORNING!!! Good im bloody knackered!!! Work is not for me today  HELPPP!!!! xxx
Just woke up. Apples gig was ace last night. Seriously tired now. Work begins in one hour... 
Why do I keep working for places that DON'T do the Cycle2Work scheme. 15% disc at Halfauds is good enough. 
Bed... Work in am 
@big_blue_wolf Not yet, no. Doubt I'll get a chance to until tonight. Work's mental, thanks to BT cutting off 70,000 customers today 
@RobynBobbin You could have been me for today. Work was absolutely bloody terrible. I was ready to call it quits.. 
Work... again. I didn't even wake up last night when Muffin came to bed 
is running this morning inside. Work tonight, school tomorrow, then being Vic's stupid taxi tomorrow night  thank god AP is this weekend!
Work has me very stressed lately. Getting small silly things wrong too, so it's very hard to be philosophical about it. 
Work early tomorrow.... so bummed that I have to be inside all day again! Damn you MI weather!! Of course it's nice when I have to work! 
Boooooo! Work tomorrow 
@ Work on Sat. 
Now Off to Work  http://tumblr.com/xsp1m486u
had a fun night in Philly even though my ears are still ringing from the club music. Work in the am, yay 
Sleep...finally!!! Work @ 7am though 
Sleeping!! Worky Work Tomorrow 10-5 
Just woke up, good night last night. Head ache now though. Work later  not good.
Okay really going to sleep now!!! Work in the morning is coming early  gnite
Goodbye, everyone. Work 
Shootout loss in my last NHL 09 game of the night  Bed time is now. Work in &lt; 8 hrs.
Pfftttt Work Callls  Catch Ya Later TwitterLand (: xxxx
Time to get off the computer and go to bed and read my book. Had a headache all weekend  Work tomorrow. Fortunately I like my job.
Work again... I need to get a life  Epic fail.
spent most of the afternoon asleep in the garden. Thank fuck I don't burn. Work in 5 hours 
Addicted to Hulu! Work in 1 hour.  Interception! IRS touchdown! Final score? Child Support-$1,095, Home-$-2,076.
Monday + Work + No Sleep = 
Insomnia is back.  I guess I'll be returning to my zombie stage again. Work is going to be brutal.
Off to college in a bit less than an hour  Work still not finished. Senses Fail tonight though. (Y)
School/Work/Project all day/night tomorrow  sall good though
Ordered the wrong edition of a cocoa programming book I was buying.  Its a 2003 version. Got to go to the post office &amp; return it.  Work 
Back @ Work... Rain and cold in Milan 
Is Lovin The Weather Bu Cnt Believe I Av 2 Work  Lol
@Wabeywoo Looking forward to the big week of awesome too!  Work is so quiet at the moment, the next two weeks are going to draaaag 
Work. Gordon hooked me up wit this bomb ass croissant but now a nigga got a stomach ache 
Yo. School. Today. Work. 
Yucky day. Work til 4 then class til 7:30. 
Back to Work 
Work sucks today, NYC is so drab, like I can't take this seasaw weather 
Should be so sleep right now!!! Got behind schedule a lil! Work at 8:30am 
@JasonBradbury Lucky man. Taking our youngest to a playgroup in the sun. Work again from 2moro  are you filming again soon?
Work's a b*tch... My last week isn't supposed to be like this 
Woke up like, 20 minutes ago. It's going to be a long day..  Work 9a-4p today.
I am tired. But I cannot go to sleep.  Work in the morning from 940 to 6. Then to a party?
Work tomorrow at 7AM 
@cariadweez That's good ! and thanks Weez  will look forward to it x Not sure where Harry is with new ? Improvise or New !  Work yuk  !
Justice League in the background isn't the best way to concentrate on Work. 
Work sucked last night. Paul came thru after and we ate pizza on top of a mountain! he's gone home now though 
Work is finished! But boss is leaving  // off to Winchester to check out besties campus
Work should NEVER intersect with dream life!!!!  Back to reality now reminds me that I have work to do this weekend 
At Work! 12 Hour Shift at the Bank! 
Yay! Work is crazy and my shoulder hurts real bad! Woot  IT'S GINGER!
Work blows  Someone entertain me
I miss @RaginaAnnBaker. Where did she go? Work, probably...  Come back soon, G!
Work schedule 5pm-2am... well, that turned into 5pm-3:15am. Hurrah... my feet hurt. 
Coffee DONE Toast DONE now Work 
today: Work followed by AP Exam cramming. 
Work Today...Request for Days off are denied...I really hope I don't have to miss Ian's Graduation 
Work till 6.....Takin a final so that I get it over with......who knows.......startin to get a lil emo about going home.... 
@ksumarine Work   What else is there?
Work starts tomorrow,so here we go again. Going to bed. I miss my Oklahoma friends. 
Work. An awful lot of work to do today 
Getting Ready For Work, the weekend never goes how I plan it in my head.  
Work husband out sick today. Bummer. 
Work... So tired 
Work is lame got my computer back but still no internet.  Come on ppls work with me here. 
@Brit_outofwater @aaronstark Work from 330-800 Friday.  I hate it. Tried to get off but no one will cover me.
Work! Ugh, way to early for that! 
lmao @ my roomate. to silly to explain. Just know you'd be loling as well. Work sucked. What do I want to do tonight? 
@sameergupta Lucky you get to stuy Friedman!! Work Sucks esp on weekends  @iMBA
@RedAntiques I've started to via email, more since I've met TOG's on here.  Work at 8 though so never get to listen to the show 
Work what else - I am the apparent holiday go to gal  YUCK http://myloc.me/GaZ
omfg it's wayyyy too early for a weekend. Wanna go back to bed. Work 10-4  Anddd then stupid french.
Goddamnit. Filming graduation with a hangover. 
Work is crazy slow. Can't believe I'm getting paid for this. New topic: I want waffles for breakfast. I wish I had a waffle iron 
@pandapoo ROXANNNEEE! You don't have to put on your red light...etc' Work on the streets of Keele is slow though 
Work tomorrow - Boo 
Bonefish Grille was delicious, but it took over 2 hours to get to the actual meal  biiiig let down! Work in the morning... Yay?
Bed time for real. Work tomorrow *gulp* 
Work computer wont post, down since 16:40 yesterday. Mobo failure suspected. 
It's 10p and I'm still working  What is up with that? Work seriously cuts into my Twitter-time
Tired tired tired. When is god ever gonna move in me? Ugh! Happy anniversary jbob! Work tom a.m 
Goin for my first meal of the day. Work is crazy 
Work-related coding, a vision doc, an intern's paper... where did the day go? It's 2am and haven't got around to editing Ch5 of the book 
Lucky ppl are sleeping right now as for me I'm not so lucky. Work work work. 
Rainy day yet again   Work from home day....no driving down the two lane hwy!
uuuuuuuuugh still ill. have avoided WoW today though so thats progress. Work not rly happening and exam TOMORROW. 
Work today in the rainnnn  boo that. Oh well, get paid for doing nothing. Sweeeeeet
Work  Unfair. Now that I have had the whole day off, then work comes and ruins the day. How dare it ?!
Oh it's Learning At Work day, I forgot  Quick - someone tell me an interesting fact!
@coolphotoideas I would suppose so! Sadly the time has come that I've been learning some Actionscript 3. Work duty is requiring that one. 
Disappointed that I missed Pilates b/c a meeting ran over. Work before play 
Trying to stay awake for Doctors appointment today  Work is Exhausting...
@kinagrannis I can't go to your show! Work.  Will you give me a birthday greeting in your next vid doe? (I'm so needy! Lol)
Vb to richmond to charlottesville. Work at 11 in the morning 
Work, then the croft later with jay. Long day. Woke up achey as hell today 
Work was gay. Attempting to get ready for the nonna's. I want to finish writing my song 
Way. Too. Early. I will never be a morning person, ever. Work 6am-2pm again.  Napping forever when I get home.
Work. Again!  I hate this uniform! :@ xxxx
About to watch Primeval and eating yogurts. Work at 5pm. Am very tired 
Thank goodness I realized I needed to wake up and have to get &quot;ready&quot; for work this morning. Thanks for a good time and sry I left...Work 
At work: organised chaos. Home time: Work to do. More organised chaos. Oh my poor sanity is taking a battering 
Going to do some Maths Work 
DAMN Weekend is over  Work tomorrow, which means it's bed time for me.
My mom is coming to visit me, but guess where I'll be? Work. As usual. 
Wants to go back to Portland like yesterday  Work sucks
Work. Movies. Sleep. Work. Lay around. Sleep. 
Had so much fun this weekend! Work all week in cerritos, last week of training.. That means waking up at 6am  is it next weekend yet?
Worked out, went with Aaron to wash the VL, and made myself Satay for dinner. Work soon...not so amped. 
um... Work. In the rain. Yeehaw. 
Bedtime! Work tomorrow.  So can't be arsed going in... http://tinyurl.com/dda4sr
@tamsul Work. Hard work. 
Back to Work  
In Work Bored 
Work have just banned Spotify...what a load of shit 
Work...and then trying to get my shifter fixed   Going to Hawleys to find Ian.
About to Go Work....  
Work in the early wee hours  ergo I must embark upon sleep...nite tweetfaces! Xx
@Sammy_Ingram Work's gonna be rubbish 
Putt putt and batting cages w/ my lover, @Bncook21. Work tonight 
@Kristinax  ok cool. Work is really good..  So tired been shooting since 8 this morning.  Let me know how it goes.xxxxx
Time for bed! Work tomorrow 
(Cont'd) Work was lame like always. I was going to take some pictures tonight, but didnt feel like it. We're about to move soon. Further. 
Work day started 7a. Don't have 20hr days in me anymore. 
0ur boss just called. C0mpany dinner s postponed 2nyt  he also wants us 2 get OL &amp; answer d issues. Work while on vacati0n. Dat's unco0l
Didn't fucking shit up at a show, however we did fuck with WalMart and Dennys. 2nd night in a row. holla! Work at 8am. 
Dreading work Tomorrow...Beginning Of another Work Week....  
Just got home. Have to stary packing till 10 then im off to bed. Work in the morning 
@_KiRS oh kawawaface!  boo! &amp;yess, super early! Work tomorrow or what? Haha.. Anywho, I shall eat plenty for you my love &lt;3
Peeps still here. Fun times. Gotta sleep tho. Work in the A.M. Some cool, hot chicks here. But none as cool as ____________. Missing her 
Sleep. Work tomorrow. 
Work out. Now actual work 
Words can barely describe how shitty I feel this morning. Work, then driving to Madison to play Discotech. Driving alone 
Blah. Work at job one all day and job two all night. 
Schoool needs to end, Work tonight 4 to 8  hittt me up after &lt;3
Work is MAD blocking sites! No fun  but they aren't blocking facebook, twitter &amp; youtube 
Bad day!  Work's TOO stressful...been involved in a minor accident, but everything's ok so far. Have to cut down immediately!
Playing some games before I leave for work   Work til at least 11PM tonight.
Work, work. Me not that kind o' orc.  
Work has really sucked the past 2 days &amp; now my 11:00 meeting on Mon got rescheduled to 9 am! That's just plain evil...i need a new job!! 
Back to Work 
sat in the pub. Pretty quiet so far. Prob leave in a bit. Work at 6.30 
Sigh, I hate tonight. So much work to do, thank god it will be quiet tonight. Yay. Work 
Work 6-12am. Gotta keep up with the laker scores on my phone 
Work in less than 2 hours  Everything about that sentence kills me.
Time for bed. Work in the morning 
Worked 10hrs today then hung out with my sis. Vegging now. Work in the morning....no weekend rest for me! 
Layin in bed w a dog asleep on my arm. . Thinkin thinkin . . Work early tho 
Work ends in 15 minutes! Hell yeah! Tired  how was everyones day?
No tat tonight  my tat guy wants to modify my 2 and so I have to wait. Hittin the sheets. Work until 1 then No Doubt tomorrow night! YAY!
Work at the barn this am.  Throat is sore, hope i'm not getting too sick 
Getting Ready For Work..  
Uh! Work 2nyt 
Good morning twitts!! I hope everyone is well--long day today  Work right now and I already can't wait to leave! Talk to you soon
@gingersuzal Bah! Work = bad  *huggles Suzy*
Piano time &amp; then Work.  Probably staying home tonight.
Work with sugarplum lifted my spirits  It will hopefully get me through this awful week! Missing my Alex atm 
At Work. Already finished my book and I have nothing else to do  boo occupy meeee
Ok just woke up....leaving &quot;HE's&quot; house. Work today 
Work? Really? I was just there 11 hours ago 
HELLO! &lt;3 &gt;&gt; Pre-ordering Sims 3 td!!!  &gt;&gt; Work @ 3:30 ..
Work work work. Whats new. Gas hut  isolated from normal people 
Im Tryingg To Work Twitterrr!!!!!!!!!!! :S :S :S  Hellppp!!!!!!!!!!! 
Gettin Dressed For Work And Slappin @plies ! that's makin me better right now. im hella sick blood 
Work + Studying for Finals = Weekend 
Wow i really do not feel like working today  but it has to get done. Work Fail.
Work is dead... Dennis sent ape home early and now its not just dead its boring too 
Work all day tomorrow   3 nights, then off for a week. Yippee!!!
Today = SEM Work... Apparently this is how I spend my weekends now since there is only time for SEO during work hours 
I want the sun back!  Work time, Hope I get off in time for @timothycraven's show!
Work is SLOW n I'm bored and hungry! 
Laying in bed listening to Pandora. Work, yet again, tomorrow. 
throat hurts. Cleaning my ear then going to bed. Work tomorrow. 
Work sucked last night! Classic example of less than top notch co-ordination. Hoped to be home in bed hours ago. 
Leaving the club on my way home! Work in the am  Good night!
Is glad I didn't go out.  Tired + sore as a muthafucka. And yes we still moving. Work in a few 
I wish I had insomnia @bettersafetynet !  Work is my excuse for being up so late/early.  Grave shift = sleeping during the day. 
@olitee Work again?! Is this another last-minute Oli project? But at least you're not missing lovely weather. Ah... Maybe you are. 
Likes the new PJ song from what she can hear of it. Work to do now 
last night show was fun, but for other reasons lol. Seemed to go down well, despite the fact we didn't really play our best. Work tonight 
Bored @ Work... What a long day 
Breakfast then Work  so tired really wanna go back to sleep
Work today. But not till 1. Uhh when is my next day off. 
ARGH! Work is up the creek again, and even though I'm not on call you can bet it's all I'll be doing for the rest of today 
Off to Martin's apt in about an hour, then off again, last day of the con starts. And then... Work 
Work... Realli sick  Hopefully they will send me home early! But of course not they will make me suffer.
Don't want to be Awake or at Work this EARLY today!  
FUCK. . Work  texttt me
Work until 8:30, traci's after. No more tweets until i get home, my phone is dying 
Work makes me wanna just go around kicking ppl in the shins. Ugh. I hate coming in early mornings 
Work Today 
Work is going to be hell. 8 Hours then sleep. So much fucking sleep. Ugh 
HUNGRY!!. Work is so extremely slow 
I think I'm getting sick  Welp sitting here, thinking.  Work @ 4.
Being Sick Sucks! Off To Work 
Is Doing College Work 
Gorgeous sunny weekend almost over. Work in the morning. Bah 
Work in the morning gutted. I'm just snuggling down wish lewi was her to cuddle me. Sad time 
Work 7 of 8 hours. Exhausted. Only 5 hours of sleep. Not talking. Want to go home. 
Home now the worst part of the day is finally over!! Yay! Work was HORRIBLE. it was soooo busy 2day and now i cant feel my feet! Ouchies. 
Work, work, and more work.   Boy do I love cash flow projection spreadsheets.  
Work was cool. I think I am going to like it where I am. Everyone is so nice and willing to help. Yay! But I need another job. 
So tired from #HOBY filled weekend! Work tomorrow 
Going to bed now. Work in the morning. Missing someone. 
Work soon  Weather is still lovely.
Work pc has died, great... Just what I didn't need really, I think it's pretty terminal! 
Good to see weather improving. B2Work 2morrow.. still fixing up HTML notes 
@ejgthompson Work work work.. Story of my life 
Pens are down 2-0  now we gotta win 2 at home! COMME ONN! Work was better yesterday, I'm still so tired....I didn't do any of my homework.
@cidawson oh and I forgot to say, welcome back to the World of Work. 
@angiechaplin Thanks for the #followfriday! Sorry I missed you when you were in town. Work got in the way.   When will you be back?
@ Work...looks like sombody's got a case of the MONDAYS 
Work before work before work. Last week was a blur much like this week will be. No days off. So tired already 
@AmbiguityX what are you up to in Minnesota? Work? 
Is @ Work Like Always 
Katy rose in Toronto looking for teen talent? Huh? overdrive katy rose? Where did she pop up?ps- tonight is NOT going to be fun. Work 
My parents are going to Jamiaca without me !  So much Work, need a new celly!
Work niggaz. 4 to 8 30. So boring 
Chicago is rainy and gross out...humid.  Kids are stir crazy and I'm worn out. The &quot;boot&quot; is driving me nutz! Work tonight 
Work laptop blue screened, home broadband stopped working, Lucy won't settle... Not happy! 
Work not so hellish this week. Only working 45 hours for a change! (Sad that makes me happy). Miss my gf too - haven't seen her in a week 
@ Work Late.... not sure if anyone knows, but did i mention i hate Nortel... and now i hate AT&amp;T... 8 plus hours of this crap! 
SiGhs..About 2 go Work Out! 
Ugh. Work again. feels like I've been on vacation,  even if it was just a week in bed with the flu... Ugh. 
Should be at Nashville Work Camp right now 
is wondering if things will get better.. so much Work CAN kill 
@Orchidflower Sulking because I've accomplished nothing onmy week off &amp; certain so called friends been taking the piss  Work will cure me
getting ready for (cover ya ears!)...Work    Cya'll later on...
Pah, I forgot the paper for Marie. I also forgot my cell phone.  Work early today. Yay extra hours!
Work 830 to 230 at universal. Break normally between 10 &amp; 1030. Ashley i sorry  (your text last night)
Work all day  &lt;16 days till ROAD TRIP!&gt;
Been and checked on buddy, he's as hyper as ever aha. Work time 
Getting ready for the day. Work, work, and more work. Hot today. No boat 
Bored. Work very quiet today  would rather be busy.
 Really saddly At Work.... yeah back to work after a lovely vacation at Dominican republic &gt;&lt;
Hello everyone...forgot my BB at home today  I felt so lost without my phone!Work over and done with,now tennis and then studying!
Work ETA 12min 
Work soon  I just want to naaap, I'm so sleepy! Come on Thursday.. hurry up and get here!
@PrincessSuperC I can't wait for Work and Like a Surgeon.. 
Ugh. Work.... Closing time is so far away.  
Had a really nice night. Work tomorrow 
Uuuugggghhhh! My feet hurt   can't wait to go home. Work in the AM! Yayayay!  http://myloc.me/2qoN
Bed time. Goodnight world. I have to eat and go to bed. Work tommorow. 
@sarahmarina I know, I barely had time off   Work and school is no joke.  I definitely want to get together with you girls B4 Vegas.
@cairnmont Eh...so so. Work has just sucked the life outta me. Kids are gone too...house is too quiet 
Home. Happier than I've been in a long time. Work in six hours though 
Off Work Ill, no sick pay tho 
Work again tonight. Being 17 is hard work with school, friend, family and work. When do I get me time? 
Work is not going well  and I'm here for 6 and a half more hours ahh! The new girl sucks! Lame. Haha
Today=bad,Work=bad &amp; i have tummy-ache  my 2nd twitter thingy &amp; i sound like a right miserable b'stard!! XP (i'm not really..i promise!)
Studio chillen with interroballs. Work tonight 
Lake show!!!!!!! Work at 6... Going away shindig for mc  yay thursday
@ClutterAway2 Thanks for posting the link to See Jane Work - such gorgeous products! I wish they shipped to Australia 
Goodnight twitter! Work in the morning  not looking forward to that.
Work sent me home so I can come back at 9. No Axis for me. 
@thejazzter crappy. Work sux and I have a ton goin on. Wassup w u. Never talk to w u any more!! 
Right in the middle of a full swing Migraine and 2 hours left of Work... 
Work @ 6, though  Blah!
Night Tweeters! Work tomorrow. Bound to be yet another unfulfilling day of mundane tasks  *le sigh* x
Work.. I didn't have breakfast. Hungry 
Work's done!  Back tomorrow at 1030am though   fajitas for dinner!
I like that she stands up for Gender; but not for Sex Work?  Thanks Sarah Hoffman: http://bit.ly/AKldP
@TheBobBlog Work  last night before I start vacation though, thank effing God!
I wish the donkey could punch me!!   Haha!! Work hard first!! Play harder when ur done!! Yupp!
Have to be up early. Work tomorrow 
My sister looked absolutely beautiful for her prom this evening! Work 11-4 tomorrow. Still dont have a functional cell yet. 
Work effin sucks! Stuck on a Friday till midnight at work... 
Bed time! Work in the morning. 
Sitting At Work Feeling Ill 
Argh. Work  every.fucking.saturday  x
Work. Work. Work. Rain. Rain. Rain. 
Work, work, work...Revision...then more work 
Work on a saturday should be illegal! Dont finish while 11pm either, really bad times! 
Work getting in the way of training! Had to ride indoors this morning for a few hours then straight to the office 
Work is hard and boring I want McFly  can't wait till i get in!  XX
Work......Work......and Yet.......More Work!!!! 
Work 10 to 6. There goes my saturday. 
Work soon :/ and I have the WORST mosquito bite on my heeeel 
Great photoshoot!  Work experience is now finished. 
My Coco is sick  Get better, baby.  Work from 3-11.
Work until 10 on such a nice day  but hanging out and drankin' with Michael afterwards!
Work. Saying adios to my BFF. 
@MandinaM Alright for some! Work has decided to calm down, tic tacs nearly all gone.. 
Work is calling me again ...  gotta get this project done.  Hate being inside on such a beautiful day.  
Is awake and having breakfast. Work soon. And will be doing the same tomorrow morning. No sleep ins for Britt 
Work needs to go by faster. Someone text me. 
Work is lame. Isaac broke my lip gloss case 
Up was an incredible movie.Touched my freaking heart.SQUIRREL.....Now off to bed.Work tomorrow 
Sunday to do list. 1. Golf 2. Play Redfaction 3. Clean house 4. Work on cleaning up itunes, running out of space on 32 gig touch. 
I have an earache and my allergies are out of control.. Havin a bad reaction to something.. Very irritable.  Work in the am, goodnight.
Back to Work aftar ana amazing one week vacation !  I don't want it to end !!
Going to bed. Work at 9am-2pm tomorrow. I really hope they don't put me up front again, it's SO boring.  Goodnight!
Movie was goooood. Now I gotta go to bed. Work at 8 
I guess I should be getting to sleep.  Work in the morning.  Willow, I miss when we used to talk ALL the time  &lt;/3.  Why'd we stop?
Work work work  Better not ask me to stayy on i will flip if they do again  make me miss out on good days pfffft sick of the place
Now am gunna stink of fag smoke b4 I get to Work!!, Bleeding Chavs!! I hate getting public transport!!! 
Awake at 5:00. And pretty sick  Work must go on, regardless! There are....customers to be served.
OMG. Didnt I just go to sleep? Work 
Need to get up and go to Work, and actually work  boo
Dang! Work 2day. 
Work 12 to 7 ..... Boo you whore 
I'm channelling my inner meerkat, listening to Radio 1... Work in an hour... 
Work 9-4  then mrgans! Woot
@nikkoumi Tell him I said congratulations. Work today though. 
Work tomorrow  but only a 2day working week for me!!! Get in!!
Has not tweeted nearly enough with @Gemeri being around, will tweet more now she's gone  Work in 20 mins boo. Patapon is fucking awesome!!
Woke up. Still a wee bit sick.   Work today 
Is watching Juno for the umteenth time drinking a milky coffee mmm. Then it's off to read my book... Again! Work tomorrow 
Very tired. Eaten too much melon. Off to bed now. &quot;Work&quot; tomorrow. No more dolphins for a week. I hate my &quot;job&quot; 
Grrr. Work in 45 minutes. Rather stay home and read some more.  The positive....I'll get some In-N-Out for dinner on my way home. YEAHH!
Babysitting... Yet again! Work @ 8:30 tomorrow --- very sad that Ashley won't be there all day with me 
is going to get ready for bed. Had an alright day although I missed the gay pride parade  Work in the morning. I love you.
Bed!! Work in the am 
Goodnight. Up early... Work 8-7 
Watching some Chelsea Lately before I go to sleep. Work early tomorrow morning 
is saying Lakers are the Champions to all you haters...... especially Boston fans ............ Start Work Tommorow 
Work expericence today. Thought i could have a lie in but mum disagreeded how gay is that 
Work AGAIN! Where does the weekend go! 
Back to Work ... 
Back to Work 
Work training is over. Home time... It's cold tonight 
Back orders and Office Work... Nothing too exciting 
Getting ready to reboot the work week. Work till 4 then sys analyst class at ccac north then home. Great weekend which is now over boo 
Work with Lewis =/ Heeeeeeeeeeelp! &amp;&amp; so scared tonite! 3 college exams 
Did Geneva this weekend. CERN rocks. Work - still lost 
YUCK! Work tomorrow, i don't wanna go 
Work at 9AM... QQ 
Of course it is raining in Missouri, I wish I was on vacation, but I don't have any this summer  Work 8:30-5. Work out. Greek.
Work going well. Got a web-app displaying the data and associations I want and fixed a bug in my mapping. Next is more XML 
AT my house with courtney and CHoda!!!!!! Work aT 3 
@ Work- Feeling sick 
Shower. Work in under an hour. 
Ok so I'm gettin serious!!! New Work Out Plan..  cuttin back on the sweets!  Ahh
watching House. Researching Grad schools. calling Kaitlyn. Work ... 430-Close 
Work will be the end of me will be here for hours yet. Boo 
Work...thats whats up!  lol @dirtyred38 Is your phone still broken?....I txtd you earlier!
Back home from the cabin   Work at 5.
Work tonight  Damn. I wanna go to the beach and get hammered 
@molliesmummy Work? Work was crap. I missed your condescending and overbearing presence. It was also VERY busy  Don't care about Poole..!
Decent size fire in an APT bldg at Locust and John this morning. Work was a bit smoky. Sucks for the residents though 
Is there any way to make free money? LOL. Work is so stressful. So, so stressful sometimes. 
&quot;Look's like someone has a case of the Monday's&quot; Work @ 2:15...I hope they don't extend me till 9:30 tonight 
Work. Blah.. Save me. I want to go to Saras.. 
Hi tweeters... Work pulled me from y'all today 
Going Work...I Feel Cold 
Bed soon. Work early in the morning ... 
Work sucked. At my sister's now 4 a bbq 4 her step-son's bday. I'm so cranky n don't know why. 
Work uniform WAYYY too short! Came home 2 get safety shorts n nw on Twitter. HAHA. Gonna go bk 2 wrk.. I dun wanna look like a porn star! 
Crazy Work schedule starting next week.  Working 2 jobs in 1 day. What fun.... -.-    No summer fun. :'(
@YasmineGalenorn @YasmineGalenorn I haven't even had a chance to get Tori's new album  Too. Much. Work. *Grrr*
Wtf.... @923NowFm where the slow jams at??? Its a monday!!! Work w me here...  Ya music is too &quot;fast&quot; for me at this hour!!! 
Watching the new episode of Intervention and then the new Obsessed and then going to bed. Work 5 to 9 tomorrow. 
Good night loves. Work in the morning... It's semi annual time!! 
We landed i feel nauseated &amp; need sleep. Work tomorrow Morning  Ugh wish i was still there.
I'm At Work ,Borring 
@Honey3223 Work and school  I've missed throwing sex toys at you though
Gah!!!! Work!  TOOOOOO CCCCOOOOLLLLLDDDDDD
@Kenzielee_ Work is really stressful today!!  Need cheering up! =p
Work      check out hip-hop pirate trying to rap on YouTube!!! http://twitpic.com/7j9hi
Is In The Libary At School Doin Work! 
Work sucks!! Give me another three days off please  http://myloc.me/40YC
I hope Andrew does great today! Going to bed.... Work tomorrow 
Oh boy. Another long day awaits. Work--then dentist!! Somebody save me  http://myloc.me/417Z
Current Computerworld mag has &quot;100 Best Places to Work in IT&quot; as the cover story. My company isn't on the list. 
@timjana Work. North london  tho finish in about an hr Yey. Wot bout u?
Work email messes up every time you click on something. Argh! I just want to find a mug shot 
Work work work, hope Bentley is doin ok at the house by himself 
@ Work  Still feels like poo
Dead tired....Work sucks after a lovely week in London 
My eyes are killllllling me. Busy day today Haircut, College shit, Interview, &amp;Work. No time for hanging out today 
Work is slow today. Thank goodness, too, bc i feel horrible. 
@knightryder76 uh you gave working a try. Maybe you should go back home.  Work should let you. You don't want to infect someone else.
Grrrrrrrr! Sometimes you really do have to breath in....breathe out.  Work = 
Work sucks with no TSS 
Work work work...then a meeting  and then 2 games tonight. Ughh!!
Free from Work..... Now i gotta clean 
@DJSMOOK hey dude! Be in your vicinity in 3 hours. Work tho 
@GradSchoolMom I'm back in a publishing program &amp; have been busy with class  still on &quot;A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genuis&quot;, you?
Hungry.  Work in a bit.  Gym in the morning.  Then my last day of sleep with air conditioning.  
Wishs Xbox Live Whould Work 
Relaxing after a day of being domestic.. Work tomorrow 9-3 then flying the TBM for the last time afterwards. 
Finally made it in my area!!! What a day!!! Work work work!!! No time 4 anyting!!! suckssss!! Missed lunch now time 4 dinner!! Aghhhh!! 
Feeling like blah for multiple reasons. Work, personal, stress. Ugh. 
Gotta be up in 6 hours  Work all day manana!
Time for bed. School til 5. Work til 10.  I wish I could stay up late 
Meme time. Work early tomorr. I totally hate waking up early. 
Work  I wish I were at home!!! Argh! But it's good to catch up with @vishwamehta!
So. Much. Work. To. Do. Going to be a looong night 
Busy day! Work till 14.30 and then deliver newspapers 
@pboreham up2 much me. Leed a sad old life. Work 2day. 
Getting Read6y For Work 
Getting Ready For Work.! 
Work for only 5hrs (yay!), CPE written exam tomorrow morning (poo!)... Starting to panic again  Anyway... how's things in Twit-world?
My tattoo is peeling. Gross. Work today 
Work/Class...then going to look at HDMI Cables? Any Suggestions...there are too many to chose from...I just don't understand! 
@FragileBubble thanx hun. Yeah I know. Hearing that was real encouraging yesterday but now it's finances. Work's screwed up hubby's wages 
Work over for today rain bouncing down. dog refusing to go out. wish she would, she keeps apple tarting. Nice 
Work NW is having issues. 
Work in 3 Hours  Ggrrr
Work....then Michelle's goodbye lunch 
Work... Ugh. 
Monon center. Work tonight. No oar 
Work, be back around 3 @Rsltruly That sucks 
My day off was awesome but it has ended  we watched the new Friday the 13th last night.. Lol .. Ya .. Work time now ! And I need gas !
Work is having a 'pizza party' today - I wonder if they will have goodie bags. Maybe they will have cute hats too.  Pizza parties rule.   
Work in a bit  Cant be bothered!!
Work finished, now time for assignments  Boo hoo for me
Work blocked Pandora again 
Work is kicking my butt. Need to win lottery. It would help if I bought a ticket. I'd settle for a cocktail, but it's too early for that. 
@randysav Work is work. Yaya 
At Work!! Miserable.. 
Work time. When i get home tonight there will be no Jarrod there. 
Getting Ready For Work 
Night all, must go now, bath &amp; bed needed as so tired after busy day Ironing and Allotment. Will be back tomorrow at 9am @ Work 
is missing her boyfriend  [Class @ 9:40am then Work @ 6pm]
Work. All summer 8-5 frick man..  i just wanna go to schoooL and shit money
Work. Then pickin' up the BF so both of us can dream about bowling with Bad Religion 
still misses him  and worries like it's her job or something.. &gt;_&lt; Work's fine; an interesting coworker, ha! o_O Lots of typing, what fun!
still misses him  and worries like it's her job or something.. &gt;_&lt; Work's fine; an interesting coworker, ha! o_O ..Lots of typing, fun!#fb
still misses him  and worries like it's her job or something.. &gt;_&lt; Work's fine; an interesting coworker, ha! o_O Lots of typing, what fun!
is in need of sum inspiration  i jus realized i only have time for School, Work, Study, Sleep, Repeat...where does inspiration fit in?
Smoke a cig. Shower. Bed. Work tomorrow 8:30-1. Then my little baby turns 2 on Saturday. He won't be a baby anymore 
@Love_Is_A_Place yes home! Work in the AM *sadpanda*  we DO need to hang out though, preferably before the @RussellBal's wedding. Tmw?
Why do I get hungry when its sooo late? Going to bed so I don't hve to think bout food. Work in the am.. Effin great 
Still in LOVE with Dreamscape. Bed time! Work in the morning and I can't wait until it's over! Tired of work this week with no AC! 
Well.  Not yet I guess.  Dog needs out and a few things to do.  I guess I'm looking at about five hours of sleep.  Then.  Work. 
Lei'd out!!!! Work @4 (yucky) but I can't teep... I miss Vacay! 
Busy day! Work then brampton td ps. I hate traffic 
Bored@Work 
Work Time  x
Work  Then I have a ct scan this afternoon. I have an aneurysm in my right wrist.
Sooooo like no one is here today. They either requested off or called-out. Work is going to be boring today 
Work Tomorrow  x
@jenster257 I'm about to get cracking on some patterns.  Work finished early, bet you're jealous! My knee is pyar playin up now 
Boss has dumped a new job task on my desk which, of course, needs to be completed yesterday!  But, computer network is down. lol Work sux
Work day is finally over.. Still hate computers!! 
Work blows! Well not the actual work but all the politics that go with it 
Ayayayy Drinking Lemonade.... dealing with a big migraine at Work  Designing sort-of
Back from Work, but now I'm working for TwiCon Germany...This day was a sad day....my mam's not doing well 
Hanging out @ Work, bored 2 Death  !!!
My head... It asploded. Work just went from &quot;good&quot; to &quot;OMG I have too much work!&quot; in the span of an hour 
Bleh. Tired. Work tomorrow 
Work And Work!!! This Is So Boring!! 
Work this morning, then both boys have dental appointments....I see expensive orthodonture in Sebi's future 
Watching Yossi and Jagger. Too cute. Work soon 
OOOOOOOH! Work tomorrow  WHY!? Pay day though? Think so
Work = done. Movies tonight. Dental day of doom tomorrow. 
Time for Work! 
Just about to curl up with an episode of CSI then off to bed! got gym 2mra then work. Work til 11pm again - I could cry!  but I won't!
Ughhhhh Sooo Tired From Work 
Anyhoo, bed now. Work in 4 hours  (although technically half day, as work party in afternoon == get paid to get drunk)
Work are being a pain, won't ok tonight off till this afternoon.  Bo**ocks, I'm going to #silverstone anyway, then see what happens.
is let down by Transformers  Long day ahead of myself: Work and possible interview with new job. Then long overdue sleep!
Thinkin its bedtime. Work 11-4 tomorrow. @talla832 sorry! 
Work has been a madhouse. Too busy to tweet. 
*YAWN* Work,sleep,tv and internet fill the majority of my days. I need to get a life.  
Super Stress like hell. Work work work. Wish I was back in school. I miss it. 
@CrazyBallerina Work!!!  ...i know it is friday (there's no thank god for today)... cudnt even take an off today ...SIGH!!!!
is loving her creations! Queen of the Whole Universe, here I come! Work time now 
At Work...So Busy...Workin at the hotel 9 hours then at the club from 8pm to 5 am...Dying tonight 
@HELLAMATTEK who's TT and you're still trippin on that lady and her dome lid hahah! Work was so crowded today 
Work soon. Not ready. Late again I suppose 
Work Time 
Off to work soon.. Work sucks.. I wanna go to Oslo 
Come on, people. Work with me here. I need to know what that girl's up to next year. I won't see her that much anymore  #yennyontwitter
Work today, yard work tonight and all weekend! No fishing for Daddy 
Work computer broken  Been given a laptop for the day!
@ameagansample Not even for Holly? Get out! Not for lack of interest, I'm sure. Work has been sporadic for me lately. 
Time 2 Go 2 Work 
@ Work... without iPhone... 
Work calls   Later chicks!
7 days exactly til my trip to Virginia! Work drags on forever on Fridays 
Off to bed. Work tomorrow yey  Totally lost my rag in ju jitsu. Some kiss ass hoping Sensai was watching and just being a prick!
About To Clock In to Work!!! Ugh!!! 
Work now PSP later! It's the favs last weekend 
Arrrrgh. Work fail 
Work..Work..Xbox 360..Work..Work.. Can't wait till &quot;Free Sunday&quot;.. 
Work went by fast today. only one day left YAY! I locked myself out of my bank account  but I'm going to NYC so overall very good day. ...
Work: you have terminal access and all, busy? Me: uh not really. Work: Mkay, touch base when fixed? Me: *fuck* Friday blippin', no? 
Grr : Work tomorrow, Hating the cold &amp; my computers MEGA slow! 
Goodnight... Work early on Saturday 
Made a father's day cake today to go with my bumblebee cake! Work at 6 tomorrow 
Work consumes me.  No let me rephrase that my 9-5 consumes me so much that I think I missed @mosdefaqueen's Family Reunion... 
Headache...hang over already!? Work in a few hrs 
.. SaterDay At Work ..    Missing  Having Weekends ..
Work till 6, then Dynamo till uber late. No twitter till tomorrow 
It's 9am and I'm awake even after a night of drinking! Messy! Work at 12 
Up earler! Work at 5 lol. Imy&lt;33  text mee ppl! I hope you have a wonderful trip=]
No afterparty  Work @ 7...no point n sleeping! Haaa....
Is Annoyed Her Old Twitter Wont Work  xx
@_N1COLA_ can I come??? Work is pissing me off  lol
Went straight from mex to the hospital. My mom wasn't doing well but she's good now. Work at 8 
Solstice tonight, excited about it now! Work now though 
Work on a Saturday morning   Gonna miss another farmers market....
@willcarling at work today, will you be tweeting scores? Work block R5live   #Rugby #Lions
Getting Ready for Work 
Sighs. Work is so uneventful  - http://tweet.sg
Uber tired. Work is not the one tonight 
*sigh* Work time. Be home at 5. 
Ughhhhh sleep. Denied. Work : approved.  
Work soon.  BOO.  
@missmarisol Work happened.  Demanding job and a new project that needed my attention.  Sadness 
Work 8-5. Boo  it's so nice outside while I'm stuck inside the office.
Work today 3-8. Money in my pocket, but i am still kinda sick. 
Cleaaaning... Work.. Blah. 
Work was OK. Worried about boss not liking me doing the dolls. I am allowed to have two jobs? Also another girl I work with was nasty. 
Work is boring. Im tired 
Slept for 13 hours   Work today thought... baww 
Away To Work  x
Just took a good ass nap now I have to get up and ready for work ugH! And is mad my niggA jaY cominG uP and I have to Work 
Work tomorow  The dreaded Primark Please can it be quiet for one day!!!!
@ChadMichMurray i absolutely adore u  &amp; i love your Work.  One tree hill Won't be the same without u  ,
 Work at 7am, CBA...
Getting abit sleepy now, watch till the end of this one and then i think its bed time. Work tomorrow.  Shame i need the money
Work was so not fun. Exam monday  Can't wait till summer!!
Hangin' outside and enjoying the lovely summer evening! Work tomorrow  Ik mis u Jeremy!
Work 7am-1pm tomorrow on EZ scan. Gah. 
Going to bed! I'm dying over here! Dozing off every two minutes! Work at 7 am spot again tomorrow 
Time for bed. Work in the morning 
Back home from the Family Reunion...TYRED THAN A MUTHA SUCKA!!!!! And tanned from the hot sun!!! Work 2morrow!!! 
Work sucks. Get me out of here. 8 more hours to go 
Work today. Work tomorrow. Forget 4 day weeks, I'm still stuck on 6 
@onegirlinmelb  NOOOOOOO!! Work in the morning 
Thinkin I should go to bed early 2nite ... but im not tired  Work experience 2moro then work .. oh yay ,, sounds like a great day 4 me 
Ahh im so boreeed! Attempting Health&amp;Social Care Work, but im stuck  lool. And distracted by Hollyoaks.
I have absolutely nothing to do. Work Experience starts tomorrow and I don't wanna go! urgghh. 
you know, it isn't us.  Work now, rachel. Don't think so much.
Work again today. Relaxing tonight. I wish futureshop would call and tell me that they have a laptop charger there for me  I miss Sims 3.
Work. Till 12pm then back 5pm to 12am   http://twitpic.com/802qa
Ew. Work is gonna be hell today. No sleep, and It's father's day. It's gonna be busy. 
NOOOO! Work finally blocked twitter gadget on iGoogle  &amp; blocked my stinkin msg board. BOOOURNS.
Work is boring like always and its hot as hell outside where I want 2 be.....no show tonight.  Canceled..  
Work with such pain in spine, hips and feet. Tough to do. 
Work Tomorrow :| 
@ClaudiaC Work blocked VS as porn 
Ready to go home! Work sucks 
Kinda jealous I don't have a life now. Work sucks 
I feel like i could use a lil comfort. Work SUCKED today. 
well class tonight is a lil boring...   Work starts in 9.5 hours...  No wonder I've been drinking so much Mtn. Dew.
Work... Sun... Which one? Rats have to choose work 
Wiiiiidddeeeee awake.....Oh man, this is what happens when you fall asleep at 7:30 pm and wake up at 2am. Work in 5 hours 
Work sucks!!!!! Wish I could have taken the day off.....  
Work is going by a tad bit slow today...nothing crazy or exciting going on. Boo. 
Work is chill. Worried for nothing  staying to cover a shift til 5. Holler!
Geez, this heat is murder! I wanna be out suntanning! Work calls 
Work is calling me. I can hear it. It's saying &quot;Jonny, come to work all night, it'll be fun&quot; I think it's lying to me 
Work,sleep,work,sleep. Love my job but need to get away 
Yay I got my hair wet in the pool!! Woohoo! There's hella heads here. Haha. Work at 530 
@cocktailvh1 Ehh! Work sucks of course and I have the worst headache ever! So not that great for me  How about you?
I give up i'm so sick of my job. Will this vicious cycle never end? Work pay bills work... i'm always broke 
Dont you hate those days when you really have to... Whats the word... Work... 
@rizzababe @nolanmiranda @adriansfo LETS GOOO! Work at 6 though 
Woke up with THE most amazing bedhair this morning!!! Work soon 
Work on a Thursday??  What is this!  Goodnight.. 
@kristianhouse I even won some VIP tickets yesterday but there's no way I can get there in time  Gutted! Work those Halfords boys over!
Woke up to get a drink now going back to bed. Work @ 12.15 
Tbqh... I dunno How Te Work Diz 
Work......story of my LIFE 
Wants to see Transformers.Party This weekend? Work today 
Driving back home to dothan! Work this afternoon and ethics assignment  Bleh
Coffee and starting to pack. Work tonight. 
Work computer got a virus. Being obnoxious. Boo 
Ready for a long day!  Work til noon, @ lunch break go 2 dentist, if all good, no pain &amp; return to work. If not good I'll go home in pain 
View from the coffee pot. Work all day  http://twitpic.com/8dqx5
@eblahovec I was actually applying for jobs and the person that I was with was from Work One.  Yes it is hot 
Glad to be home at last! Work was actually hell today - bloody projectors 
Good night everyone. Work on one of my secret projects is going well so far. 
@drkwhisper  Work on the photos maybe tomorrow, I'm trying the new pattern out now. She's currently headless... is that blasphemous? XD
Beautiful (cold) day. Normal class +karate. Work later. Just plugging along 
;the show/party was amazing. Got to see old friends  bed. Work in the morning.
Work up early on a Saturday.  My wife and I are watching our nieces while their parents are out of town.  Pre-parent training 
Getting ready for the day. Work at ten, should probably get out of bed now. Tweet you guys later. 
Work agaaaaiin.  Yesterday I fell in a box. It was pretty spectactular.
Work. Then nap 
got free golf lessons today! By the way...&quot;Golf&quot; is to &quot;Free lessons&quot; as &quot;Work&quot; is to &quot;Not getting yelled at&quot;! Bonus!! 
What is man without courage? Is he a mouse, or is he still a man. Work at 11, thank God the bank closes at 3 
Work estimates for my new house... pouring over numbers numbers numbers over coffee coffee coffee... will FHA fund studio equipment? 
Today is going to be a bust day! Work meeting and APO stuff, including initiation! 
Heading to Work  9:45-6:15PM
Good morning....umm... I mean afternoon  yay for sleeping in! Work at 4:30
Haven't twittered! Work was okay, but I got to go swimming after!  With Kirk for the first time and Bi. Fun.
Nothing Better than watching Myth Busters Late night and doing so Art Work.. 
Just started up his twitter account  Work tomorrow! Aaaaah =P
Work was fun. More fun than I expected. 
today so busy day ahead. Leaving once they're done though. Work is evil! 
@kristensmith oh!! Ok that's cool, happy anniversary! Ain't gonna knock the love and determination! Work that gym girl! 
Work@Amata 
I'm the newest member of Work at Home Bloggers Social Networks. thanks for the invite @EzyBlogger 
Work tonight FTW. 
@KatDeLuna I love your new single Kat!!! Work it girl!! Its def a hit for the summer....Keep doing your thing 
Is pretty beat. Work at noon, then who knows? Mayday was fun.  avoiding dumb boys and treating the nice ones like my friends. Sounds good.
@karlasaenz hi Karla! I've been a busy bee today! Work then the fight. We just got home and of course this is the first thing I did 
Just getting home from Work, made alot tonite. But now i have to pay the Nice car payment . Yay 
Allergy eyes suck! Work at 1115 at Fridays.. Come visit 
Going home now. Work was fun.  i have SAT off. Lets party.  -Dottie&lt;3
Well, just got done with a beer pong competition. It turned out a tie for right now. I'll keep you updated. Bed for now. Work tomorrow! 
@love_the_game GIRL!  Work it! Hope you had the Slammer, and had fun with the Moldovan! I want to hear details!!!
@Stellar_MC string out the dress.. Work that into a track please!!! What do u have coming up?? I'm ur biggest fan 
@saimin OH!~~~ Work on weekend?? Then u need to take a shower than take a rest!! Right??  
Work. Then the usuall. 
http://twitpic.com/4yr3s Work at about 5 o clock. Good times!! 
Work sucked...not that I got bad tips but  I only had 3 tables. Oh well...our Chef made us lasagna so it made it all better 
@DreFTLA Youre the best!  Work on your scary face and try to find one that may actually scare me
Doing Work As Always 
Going to bed. Work took a lottt outta me, and I gotta do it all over again tomorrow. I need sleep. Goodnight everyone 
Work @ 5 AM in the morning blows! Thank you @mcaguirre for being so freakin' stellar and picking me up!!  I appreciate it mucho!
@SashaVujacic .I bleed purple and gold Sasha!.Please bring a win home tomorrow!!... Lakers #1. I saw u on Kobe Doing Work! I loved it! 
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Figuring out how to Work Twitter 
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Watching Kobe Doin' Work inside my bed  http://bit.ly/JJN3g
Work at 4. Going back to bed 
Back to the usual routine. Work and what-not. Updated blog at http://jenai1986.blogspot.com  Nyte ya'll. I'm out. 
Work again today....Taco Bell last night with my co-workers....at midnight...will definitely be fun tonight 
Work today. 12 to 4... I need to find some time in the near future to wash my car.  &quot;up in this bitchhhhhh&quot; HAHAHA help still funny.
Work until 4 then home to play my Cello 
Work was lax..but hey Crunchie chocolate 
@pcusters Work, unfortunately  (nah, it's fun to see new OOXML initiatives being launched)
: Work it vs Livin Proof sooon come! excited 
@funkineering Work for CBA - yep. CSR - nope.  More than happy to help if I can.
Work all morning then go to class... Ill be napping by 3 
@HollyTheRealtor Work?  What's that?   
Work! But only 12 days to til the Bahamas! and 11 days til I see @djgi and @bobbybkdreams ... my blu kolla brothas! 
Work Mode! Must get through a mountain of design stuff 2day so i can get in the studio tomorrow! So many exciting things in the works! 
Up,check. Feed dog,check. Shower,check. Food,check. Walk,check. Work....umm not so much 
This week is going to be crazy. Sanskrit. Practice. Professor Meeting. Barista Work. Asheville. Dress Rehersal. Ahhh! 
Woke up thinking it was Saturday....NOPE.   Work today @ 12 
Work 12-4, work out. Keep your fingers crossed that Pete's offer on the house on Fulton gets accepted! 
Work work work! Gotta get the work done 
@vnesnz Work 3 off 4? We need the Ozzies help here  No blips?
Chilln with sj folks &amp;Jessica &amp;Christian  missed em. Irritated but my pride up high. Driving home @2. Work @10.
@janecostello Work them into the story. Call it &quot;research&quot; 
Work again after one day off and its already raining. Fitting. 
Work day at the church. Rolling up my sleeves. 
Work grind... 2 fingers 2 the sky &amp; I aint saying peace! OutaSight is blasted on the ipod. Trying not to toss my BlackBerry @ anyone  lol
Work until 3, then off to Bangor. 
Work work work... At work working on vacation plans!! Cancun for a week anyone?! 
Nearly forgot...need to turn up the juice more...time to get the Apeirogon Crucible to Work...Infinite Faces  http://bit.ly/xTAyt
Work in the AM...good night fellow twitter addicts 
Work is done! I am so logging onto COH right now! 
@kaazunut Nice Work ! 
Work drinks were shit, shower and beers were awesome, copying a live DVD then off to town. Text me when you get in you fuckers 
Oh no, missed a CC tweet  Work sucks!!!
Work,work,work... I'm finna hafta fill out a vacation form to get off work 22nd-26th.... Yeah you know why 
