Most common words for this cluster:
[('work', 988), ('today', 100), ('tomorrow', 67), ('day', 57), ('time', 44), ('hours', 37), ('sucks', 29), ('am', 26), ('till', 23), ('home', 22), ('morning', 21), ('quot', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Work', 0.9999690055847168), (u'work', 0.5462747812271118), (u'Diverse_Managers', 0.513627827167511), (u'Repairs', 0.47737452387809753), (u'Working', 0.4715092182159424), (u'Pothole_Repair', 0.47020837664604187), (u'Resurfacing', 0.46936744451522827), (u'WORK', 0.4686442017555237), (u'HotelsCombined.com_Names', 0.4678313434123993), (u'Renovation', 0.4640296697616577)]





Work laptop is officially dead .. Not happy at all.. 
Work today 
Work is dragging... Pretty tired only got about 2 and a half hours sleep 
Is At Work  x
Work work work, I hate weekdays 
Work soon 
Work work work! no play today 
Work till 10:00pm. I wish you were right now so I'd have something to look forward to when I get out tonight 
Going to explode, farrr too much mexican rice. Work tomorrow 
Work Work Work 
Work in the am 
Dreading getting up monday morn.Work again 
Work work work thid week. I'm knackered  I must ave bin out of it at foam party cos apparently i snogged this girl didnt know bout it oops
Work time   http://twitpic.com/3l589
Work today means i won't be able to keep track of the old farm derby  ^
Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. 
Oh how I miss thoes lazy sundays!! Work 
Right tweeps, might be time to hit the sack. Work tomorrow 
Work time 
@o_magazine Work 
But I am le tired!  @ Work http://loopt.us/YNzgXA.t
I know. But still. Ugh. Work. 
Work in the morning. it's so hot still. 
Off to college in a bit less than half an hour  Work still not finished. @SensesFail tonight though. (Y)
Work, work, work work. Yay 
Work: amend last tweet to read &quot;things should be the same as they were before the weekend&quot;. I hit a snag and will have to re-re-schedule 
Work again 
Work at 10, not freakin stoked at alllll 
Work   sad tweet
@mseckington @cbetta 3pm on a Work day 
Aww home! Work tonight 
Going for a tom, then a giraffe and then a shave. Work tonight 
I don't have enough swearwords right now. Work = complete clusterfuck, I just dropped someone else in it and alienated the entire team. 
Work,work,work 
Doesn't want to be up this early! Work tonight and would rather be somewhere else 
Work At 10  Cba :S
Work please? 
Work whilethe football is on, on a saturday aswell 
Work is going SO slowly 
Work  :/
Work in an hour....til six freaking o'clock.  I already feel sick. Just wait until after nine hours of work.   
Work work work soup cookie work work work. I wanna go home 
Work today 
Work meeting at seven, fml. I just want to sleep in once this week 
Work allll day 
Work 10-3  It always goes by so slowww.
Laying down and possibly taking a nap. Work tonight. 
Work up with a horrible head ache.....its been hurting for 3 days now. [   ]
Last night was fun! Work today 
Work again 
Work at 5.  no good!
just had pizza and am now going to bed (how healthy is that?  not at all...)  Work tomorrow 
Passing the fuuuuck out. Work at 1 tomorrow 
Gnite twitter! Work in 5 hrs 
Work experience tomorrow with little children 
Work all day, in this sunshine 
Work is tough with a 3'' incision trying to heal and not lift anything over 15lbs, especially with a job that requires lifting like mine 
is soooo tired after her mexican fee! going home to put my new pj's on and sleep!!! Work tomorrow 
@Work wishin I could be at the brunch w/my fam!! 
Work in 1 hour. 
Work tomorrow.... The idea is not a welcome one 
Finished brunch... now what? Work? 
Work till 5. 
Work, Work, Work. I am a slave to my desk today 
Work today 
@GetOutOfDebtGuy Work took me away - moved to IT and it took most my time!!  I used to work as a pro b&amp;w printer, but business went bust!!
Work,tried,sick,fever,stressful This 4 thing come together 
Work.... hopefully I won't have to do ALL of it by myself... 
Oh. . . My goodness. . . Work sucks. . . 
@NColimo   Work sucks?
Work never ends 
@likethe309 Work took a lot out of me.  I don't work quite a few days in a row again this week. We should play more awesome singstar!
@DaPrbmChild Work tomorrow bright and early 
Is up early for no good reason  trying to catnap before I have to get up for real. Work out is at five.
Work again. 
Work till 330. 
At work still. Work everyday but wed next week. 
Night twitter people...    Work at 8  
@Janeylou74 Aww no hun - you're not having much luck with your sleep either are you  Work's bound to tire you ready for Zzzzs later xxxx
Work: baby pee, bloody receipt, &amp;dirty panties, and now I'm too tired to go to Jusann's party. 
Now prom is over, its time to get fucked up!!! Work tomorrow open to close 
Work soo soon. One day off this week. 
Work!!!!  xo L
just got back from KingsGate. Work at 1 
just got back from KingsGate. Work at half 12 
Work . . 7 to 3 
Work is a booo -  sadtimes
That time of day again, Work time  suppose I better get up off my fat ass and get ready.
Tooooo tired for this  Work at 3. I hope I don't screw it up tonight!
Work = done; weekly shop = done; flowers for house = done; 1000m swim in 25 min = done; gym scales not broken = 
Dreading the end of a great weekend.... Work tomorrow, oh  joy 
Work tomm... 
Work time 
@cath_ster I'm sorry to admit I have just woken up  so what where who now? Work picked up yet?u twitter on ur phone?xxxxx
Work, zumba, home....so tired...been up since 3:30 
Looks like the rain is back... What a bummer... Work + rain = 
Work seems so long when you you've had to many drinks the night before  seemed like a good idea at the time though!
@itsBUFFIE wtf u doing up this early &amp;&amp; iWanna Work out 
Ugh - feel like hell today. Work from home time 
Morning tweets. They just shut off our cable and internet.  the day better go up from here. Work at 11:30.
Work at 5 in the morning 
Work sucks right now   Friends save me
O no too much to drink :/ no no no no no no Work will make me cry 
Home finally! So so sleepy! Work in the a.m.  
What a rubbish day ahead.. Work til half 5 then revision all evening 
Work in half hour 
Work soon 
Work 1-6 
2 pay checks away from a new tattoo. Work tonight  stupid ice cream
Work sucks and my phone won't work right 
Ugh.  Work.  
I guess it's time to get around, now that it's almost 1:00. Work 3-10 
Getting ready for Work today 5pm to 12am 
Work at 5am. Trying to go to sleep.  
Work work work! 
had a yummy salad for dinner. Work was gay. lots of homework. All nighter ahead 
Work sucks sometimes 
@RedRocksBurly Work.....then housework.....so not at all exciting! 
@oOdolfinaOo what song do you have in your head? Work blocks blip.fm so i couldnt listen 
Work next  at least my girls will be there
Still gots my cold. Work soon 
Work Work 
Work, work, work 
@Antiquebasket Work  but have morning off.
Work bound 
Work again.. 
I am NOT healthy enough to go to work. So where am I? Work. 
Work attachment is tiring ! I need strength ! 
Work... 
@checkthemike I'm coming today, but I have to leave a 5. Work 
Work day finally finished. Another hellishly long and exhausting day (7am-11:30pm with only 2 short meal breaks). Am very fluey now... 
@goodshoeday Work has a tendency of getting in the way 
Work now 
Work bound and runnin' on a few hours of sleep from the past couple days, woo! And sick on top 
Work soon 
@ Work pas de pont pour certains.... 
Work soon 
Work wank comp wont let anyone log in to anything. No fun net for me today 
Work at 7am 
Work 9:45-6 
Work will not be sweet today. I just have that bad feeling that I just don't even want to be there. 
Work time 
thinks its time for bed. Work tomorrow  xx
@gleepface  Work is poop. Still, you've only got a couple of hours left, right?
Work just started and I already wish it was over 
Work 12-8 
Work finito for the evening.....gonna get up and do it again in about 5 hours 
Work is making me stressed!! 
Going to bed cause I am always sooo tired!! Work tomorrow... icky 
Work day 7 of 7, 
Work at 5:45am = 
4 very big ???zongzi) for lunch, ate more, but not work more.Work less but eat more, what  can I do w/h it? Too useless become.    
Why am I still upppp????? LOL.  Work in less than 5 hours. 
Work, work, work 
I'm up way to early today!  Work later.
Work today 
Work... 
So tired. Work today. 
Work till five! 
I have a feeling today is going to be very boring ! Work @ 3  till 9:30
Work is ded  out tonite tho eeeeeee 
Work around the house  boo
@Just_Cal Work or...(hehe mind in the gutter)! I'm sittin here doin this student loan thing. 
Work... 
Work time.... 
Work in that heat is horrible ! 
sizzling outside. Work inside = double 
Work till 6..then dreadful tv shopping cause mine broke 
Work...work....work.... 
Work is an evil whore. That doesn't let me check my text messages 
@natebunnyfield no! Work came up 
@sergio_mg03 idkkkk I haven't planned anything.. Work LOL 
Work is a no go 
Work in a hour 
Work tonight.. can't see the jabbawockeez  lol booooo.
Lots of Work to do today 
SSLLEEPPYY TTIIMMEE!!! Work in the morning. 
Watching tv then going to sleep. Work tomorrow 
Work makes me sore 
Work time 
Work is work, but why does it seem like slavery? I am not a machine, nor am I robot set on maximum efficientcy. I am human after all.. 
Work 2morrow = 
Work time now too warm for this  will probably spend most of the day thinking about @sharedthemes work
Work is a plague 
Work in 2 hours i wanna do a vid but i never have the time anymore 
Work time again 
Work is hell. Short staffed as usual and I have a view of the sunshine 
Work again, 
Work... 
Work today from 8- 5. 
Work now busy as, never going to leave this place  thanks for tweets of support @steveduffin although cut this pescetarian rubbish!
Work till 5:30, i feel like shit 
Work  10 to 3. i'm so tired! lol
Work work work 
Work work work...that's what I'm doing 
Work until five then kickback a few brewskies since I have to stay off the herb for a few weeks 
Work is really quiet today and the suns gone in 
Ugh. Work. 
@emmysangk Work..on the weekend..that sucks.. 
Work work work 
Work today 
Feels like i just ripped a muscle in ma leg....no Work out for me today 
Work is killing me 
@SSweetMocha nuthin......think I'm gon chill 2nite! Work early n the mornin! 
Work tonite 
Work until 4 yey 
@gkelly Work prevented me from attending awesome. 
Work overload.. I want to go to the park and see some people. 
Work until 6 
Work  And then outtttttt!!
Work sucks right now..... No business 
I'm tired. Work tomorrow. Grauduate school in 2 weeks. I'll miss my class &lt;3 
Work is sucky right now.  - J.
Tired  from Work 
OH the torture! Work is slow as heck tonight 
Morning guys! Work today 
Work is not fun  I have no music to listen to, I am sore and tired, and the store is trashed 
Work in like an hour  I'm too sleepy and the weather's too nice to be stuck inside all day.
Work, work, work 
Work is boring. No samples to constantly test for 5.5 hours 
feeling a bit rough. Work laters and still no car 
At Work 
Work tomorrow 
Work still sucks. And im really feeling the pain from last night 
fucking hangover  Work at 5...I'll DIE.
Work tomorrow  it's just wrong having to work when the weather is like this!!
Work work work 
Immersed in Work 
Work today  and then work for my class  no outside
Work sucks 
Work 2 to cl...  
Work is so crap today,completely not in the mood and feet r playin up after bn out last night  not happy!
Work, work, work... I am all work and no play and I am becoming very dull....  
@Cadistra Work on your last day of vacation? 
Work  but gives me time to tweet and look for a new job!
Work almost done. Having a little break. I have blood on my scrubs that doesnt belong to me 
Work today  bummer.
Work at 12 
Work again. 
How in the world did I let myself wake up at 1:30pm  Work 4-8pm.
Work, tomorrow  so looking forward to the wedding on saturday though, tissues will be needed!
Work webmail is down at the moment. How am I supposed to do any work 
Work so sloww 
Work is busy!  
Work is lame. I need a cig. And i have 2 hours left of work. 
It was a very lazy day, today. Work tomorrow. Definitely need some more clients. 
Coming home. Work tomorow 
@PrincessSuperC Ciara are you gonna tell us whats going on? is 'like a suregon&quot; coming before &quot;Work&quot; i really want &quot;Work&quot; to come 
@joek949 Work clothes 
is still struggling to understand twitter haha. Work sucks atm 
Work experience today :/ I cba 
Sleeeeep. Work from 11-4 later. That's it? 
Work, work, work, work, work, sun, work, work, work, work - that's how today will play out 
All emails read. I now have two sides of A4 to follow up. Work mates have struggled without me 
Work work work... 
@suesshirtshop Work 
Work.....ugh this is going to be a long week  but i get allllll next week off!
Ugh that sucked ass. Work for the rest of the day 
Work again 
At Work..... 
Work today. 
Work seems so much more like work after a week of chilling at the lazy river.  
Work soon, yay 
Work this morning till this afternoo doubles suck.. 
Work til 4:30-job hunting in the process  wishing one would just come to me......
Work all day  I hope I don't get too many crazy people today.
Work...  20 more shifts to go!
@AnnabelWynne LOL I wish me dear,you've obviously not seen my photo!  Work dinner and c400 pages of reports await me 
Work..yay 
@josamuffin Work for this week's almost done, my students write exam next week (300 students * 11 questions). Studies are standing still 
Work days last so long without music 
Work  hopefully no one comes in
Work tommorow ahhhhhhhh!!! 
Work..still pissed at my sister for cancelling on the show on sat for @nkotb  so now I'm going by myself 
@dmeeno the sun's away.  what you up to? Work much fun?
I need to start on my next article soon. But gawd, I'm tired.  Work's starting to feel kinda draining these days
Work in an hour 
Work work work...my feet hurt 
I've never been so tired in my life. Work til 7 
@mickeyglitter I feel like I *should* be feeling better, but really I'm exhausted and it hurts when I breathe.   Work isn't helping.
Work spoils everything i want to be im my garden 
@lauramholt Work computer.  But it's fixed now.
Work till 11  fml im exhausted
Work sucks.... Have a huge headache 
Work is stupid boring today. 
Work is soooo boring 2day  I need sum excitement in my life!!!
Work is soooo dead. I wanna go home. 
Work sucks 
Work is slow 
Work just got hard. I went home and ate a steak dinner and it was so hard to return. 
Work bright and early tomorrow. boooo.  It wouldn't be so bad if I didn't have to be up before the sun!
@alicedoherty  hope your alright!! Work is gash xx.
Work: we have new fridge. It works, it doesn't smell, it keeps the food cold. Next problem: solving the permanently blocked sink. 
@Sion71 Work gets in the way of everything 
Work is shit 
Work: six til two. 
so many blogs to update, so little time. Work's a hard master  so much for going back early. Something cropped up *sigh*
@ Work, but not in good health 
Work is already going poorly today. 
Work 9-6 
Work work work. All I do is work 
Work  But finished  until 4:30pm when more work 
@SasaLoves I'm gooood. Work and school - which both suck by the way. :laughs: How long have you been sickee? 
Work is tiring. 
Work sucks  wish I was home now  soooo tired!
Work, work and more work! 
Enjoying a glass of sauv blanc and catching up on email/fb/twitter/etc.  Work and life have been busy lately, been slacking off on here 
Work tomorrow--- Only had one day off this week 
Going to bed way to late. Work in morn 
To sleep I must go. It's 1:20 a.m.  Work in the am, not fun.  
Work was tiring 
Work today  had better get ready,,,
Wow, I went running, went to football, then went to work. It's 1:30am and I'm finally getting a chance to sit down. Work at 10am 
@MsAsHleY33  no answer from you again? Work late?
Work is hectic today... 
Should be sleeping. Work at 6am 
Work 10-8 today 
g'morning crazy thunder woke me up 5 minute before my alarm  Work time
Work while @valenciamusic leaves for japan  haha
Tooo much! Work and lots of report gotta finish by today! 
@MoocherGirl I wish I had a life too  Work and play, work and play.
@paperbat Work, then niece graduation then webinar stuff. Probably no art today  You?
shoulders shot  i love getting hurt, but it is what it is. Work today then idk what
Work till 5 
@iantalbot  Work I'm thinking of is the same 
Work again.   but this weather is awesome!
Work today at 11 - 7. 
So starving, haven't had my dinner. Work was crazy and I didn't get chance to eat 
Work really, really sucks this week, and I haven't had much time to decompress after the show. I need some help. 
Work...work... And more damn work! I'm so over it. Why can't I just get paid to read books all day? 
Work in an hour! 
Work tomorrow.......... 
So much for presenting history. Work tonight! 
Work tonight, that means no infernizzle for me 
At Work 
Work.....ugh.... 
Work 130-10 
I'm bored. Work is dead &amp; I still have 3 1/2 hours before I can leave for #torchsong. 
Work until 2 and then my last class with my little ballerinas 
Work til close  come visit me at popcorn kingdom at pier park.
Work tonight 
Work 5-close 
Work tomorrow  getting up early though.. It makes the day go quicker. :/
Work. 3-11 
Work then gym sooo tired 
Wasnt on the net much at all yesterday  Work today though  3 9am starts in a row 
Work is done but now time to re-write the 2 papers I lost yesterday  It's gonna be a long weekend folks! Prayers are appreciated
Work till 12 
Work sucked. 
Work is overrated 
Work tonight equals no money 
@ashleymorganb ya I know!! Work busted my entire weekend up! It sucks a big one. 
I'm outtie!! Work is finally over!!! I'll be back here tomorrow. 
Work is soooo slow   chan
soooooo......... today was long, not in a very good mood right now. maybe I need a change in my life. Work all day tomorrow. 
Work soonnnnn 
Work sucks when ur sick 
it feels weird when I got home that my whole family was up and even weirder that they are staying up as I get in bed.  Work tomorrow morn 
Work in a couple of hours 
Night night twitter bugs! Work in a few hours..... 
Work... bye 
Work work work 
Work time again 
Oh shit. Work in 5 hours 
Work at 1, lord save me  luckily I have my trusty iphone to keep me entertained in the quiet periods!
Work today till 8.30ish.    YEY 
Work sucks! 
On bus goin into town... Work today 
Work is dragging  roll on half five!
@jmccray Work, Work, Work    U?
Work ugh 
Work in 6 minutes wooo.... 
Work in two hours  wish me luck!
Work till 6:30  feel free to come say hello.
Work getting in the way of my social life again.   
Work from 1030-830....dont text 
I am feeling the events from last night. Work sucks balls when u are hungover 
Work meeting 
At Work... 
Work today  and tomorrow 
Work from 12-close.. I wiah I could get my paycheck today 
Work  should be wonderful.
@no_cigar bbooo on youu. Work, work and more work for me. 
@moonfrye Work 
Work, work, work....boo! 
So stressed out right now. I wish my boyfriend lived closer  Work 3 - 930
@wafaamanasrah sleeping in period on a saturday is the best feeling ever. Work sucks 
The weather is so gorgeous today!  It's a shame I have to go to go work later and miss out.    Work should be optional on nice days.
Work is brutal today... so busy... 
Work work work... if I don't shut down tweet deck, I'll never get any done. 
Work  tired
4 More Hours At Work  But tonight is something to look forward to.
Work...Work...Work...I feel like that is all I ever do!!!   
Loooo-hooooooong friggin' day... Ekh.. Work tomorrow 
Work 5- 1130 
Is appalled by my behavior lately. I think I need to start taking my own advice -  Everyone has those days...right miley..Work all day..
Work. Yay.  
Work at 7 yuck! 
Work @ 6 tomorrow  gutted
Work on a sunday morning isnt fun 
Tired as hell. Work destroyed me today. 
Work  ugh
Work is going by sooo slowly! 
@woycheck Yes.  Work upgrade thing just did not go as planned. 
Work is lame  i want to go home
Work gets in the way of my twittering 
Work wasn't that bad! I have to work tomorrow  the baseball games were fun today
@bjrn1101 Wish I could be there!  Work in 6 hours 
Work... 
Work work work 
@Denyalle I saw that. I'm sad  I'm heading to sleep too. Work at 8:30am
Work is boring. Lots of girls but no many good looking boys 
Work 9-5 tomorrow 
Going to sleep. Work in the morning 
Sims 3 rest of night. Work at 7:30am 
Work time 
Work better be good this morning, I'm really not in the mood for it 
Work in the mornin an I'm still sore 
ALREADY up  Work in 2 hours D:
Bleugh. Work in two hours 
@girlwithfringe Work 
Last day of my impromptu one week holiday. A sad day  Work will be a shock to the system tomorrow.
Actually my Work-a-holic one is quite subdued with her foot owie 
@JoLagerlow nor have I. Work time tomorrow. 
Work going on frantically, and those tweetup tweets are making me feel so bad. Why did this had to happen. I missed my first ever tweetup 
Work 7-3 cooler possibly down already...Yay my luck just gets better 
Work today, i dont feel good tho, in major pain 
Work time. 
Work time soon, gotta go get ready  loads of cleaning to do. whoo.
Work until 2  al&lt;3
@tarheel_blue blue hair would be for trip only. Wouldn't fly at work. Work doesn't like monsters 
I need to enjoy my last day of freedom. Work tomorrow 
sick and tired !! ...Work tonight 5-10 
Work, always work 
Work tomorrow  Eurgh weekends go too quick!!!!
My head is about to explode! I can barely breathe through my nose! It hurts to move! I can't even swallow my own spit!  ..Work today i ...
Work... 
Work today 2:30-7:30 
Just woke up, wow I'm lazy! Work from three til eight 
Blaaahhh. Work is wild slow man but becky is meeting me at work so I have to stay 
Work work and more work 
Work work work  I need the lake
Work at the mall. 
Work 2-11...again.... 
Work.... 
Work on a sunday  not a fun day
Home Work 
@ Work on my break -_-&quot; I work everday except friday this week 
Work 3-close 
Work an hour early on accident  shiiiit. call me and entertain me?
derby tonight.  Work at 4:30 am tomorrow 
Work is soooo stressful today! 
Work is boring 
@WBPodcast oh dude I'm sorry I can't do it today. Not home right now  bummer. Usually not available Sundays. Work.
Work starts tomorrow at 9 am...boooo 
So exhausted. Work is taking over my liiifeeee. 
Work tomorrow 
Work sucks   bout to super clean the store
Work was actually ok last nite/this mornin, only bad thing was havin 2 wait till half 6 for the openers  don't feel like sleepin 
Why do the weekends fly by?  Work in the morning. G'night, twits! &lt;3
@sujayendra Work man 
Going to bed!  Work tomorrow   But at least it's payday!
I feel like someone has kicked the shit out of me. How rancid. I hate the flu. It sucks balls. Work soon too 
Dammmmmmmmmnnnnnnn hard Work 
Work at 7am...and I can't sleep  tomorrow is gonna be a loooooong day
Work work work 
@bikerray1 1st time n my career that happened 2 me. Work 30 yrs with students with mental and health probs &amp; now I'm out cause of health 
Work, work.. 
Fucking fried!!!! Work in 4 hours. 
Work colleague has suspected swine flu. Could be why I'm not feeling too good 
Work and stuff. 
Work is going by so slow today 
Work is so slow today  I hate &quot;dragonball z&quot; kid
Work is slow already today 
Here @ work...tweet y'all later! Work  oh well
What happened to the weekend? I need it back! Work... 
@caldjr It's very black and I was outside when it started  Work is not going well today - am trying to be productive though.
Work work work. That's all I do anymore 
@ZonicZulu alright for some! I have little pennies left to my name. Work required 
Work is terrible  I need a break.
Work - boring 
Work picking up i hate this place 
Work, work, work....  
I can't, @shefaly.  Work document. 
Work work work! 
Work 1-8:30  I'm so freaking tired too
Work in a few hrs!!! 
No tweeting for a few hours. Work 
Work today! 
I want 2 go 2 the shed aquarium. I don't want 2 b hear I want go 2 the lake shore. Work is work!!!! I want 2 do yoga on the beach. 
| Work sucks 
Work again!!! hope my tattoo artist calls me 2day 
is getting my car back tonight!! Work tomorrow at 8 am! 
Work is so hot and shitty 
Work 14 hours yesterday, now for another 14 hour day I reckon 
Work is so physically exhausting.   I just want to go home and pass out.
is having a shitty day. Work was a suck, I forgot my lunch on the kitchen counter, no one knows how to drive and my left ear hurts. 
@marlisey I take back what I said 2 u on the w/end about being glad I've finished uni! Work is killing me today  wanna swap??
Work is sooooo slow 
My internet was down  But I got an entire book read! Work at 8am =/ Blagh
My eyes are starting to hurt and the yawns are ongoing. Work isn't even over yet. 
Work in the morning. I dont wanna 
Off to bed. Work in the morning. Its gonna be a long day. Ughhh 
Work was stressful tonight. I wish I had a puppy, boy or best friend to come home too. 
Work has made me ignorant of what is going on around the world 
Morning, up a stupid o'oclock for some reason this morning  Work today, tesco tonight, walk later.
I had the moust amazing weekend, what happend to the spirit?... oh right! Work!! 
Work early tomorrow 
Work  second last day however. Then week and half holiday!!!!!!
I feel like death! Work and school all day should help.... 
Work Dr. Work... I want my bed... now 
Work, damn it, it gets in the way of everything fun 
Work... 
Work timeeeeeee  got wee bekah tonighty! as well x
Work in thirty minutes. 
Work sucks!!!!!!!!!! I wish I was still on the farm. 
At the gym... But I am so sore and tired this morning. Work is gonna suck if this keeps up. 
Work soooon 
Work 9 to 2 buckle n 3 to 7ish outback 
Work.... 
Work in an hour 
Work soon 
I wish getting up early were easier....Work work work, that's all I seem to do. 
Work is so busy with the preparation of sale  good news nfg@garage ldn 22nd august!xkx
Work stinks today.  I need to finish my book and get out of the 9 to 5.
Work...so sore frm tht workout lastnite 
Work my ass off today!!!! 
Not feeling so good today  i wish i could just crawl back into bed. Work 12-7.
Work tomorrow 
@XxEMxX @natg83 Work problems... 
Not feeling so good today  i wish i could just crawl back into bed. Work 12-7.
Lunch then picking up forms from school and clay madsen! Work later 
Work all day and my back is absolutely killing me  maybe running will make it better
@DeeFrey aww  you'll be okay miss. Work is work, I'm gettin out soon thank god! What are you doin today?
Work is slow gotta find new projects 
Work......only another 28 years till retirement!  
Work is soooo slow today  I don't like being bored
Work time 
Work is getting in the way again. 
Work at 4 
Work computer down again...   
Work is boring with out my text buddy 
is exhausted. Work at 530 tomorrow. 
Prepping for tomorrow's presentation at my section manager's leadership session.  Work never ends 
My days off are behind me now. Work tomorrow morning. 
I have not tweeted in so long! Work tomorrow till 9 
Getting ready fo bed. Work at 10 
Work all day tom  boo bed early wish it was saturday tom..
Work tomorrow  boo you whore
Work sucks 
At Work... 
Vacuuming, laundry, mopping, bathroom cleaning - done. Work break now &amp; then my least favorite part of the day: packing. 
Work till 5.....lord it's early  ! ! !
Tweeeeeeterdetweeeet @ Work....... sooooo busy @ the moment, 1 week school left with two presentations 
In Work  x
Ugh....Work!!  
Work...wWork...Work...   
But I must get ready... Work in bout an hr.... 
Work at 730 till 630, some one save me from insanity  i hope i get to spend time with you.
So, I still have brochure work coming out of my ears. I thought design was supposed to be fun? Work is eating into my t-shirt design time 
@dilbilliards Work consumes me from 10-6 most days, so no lunch time yoga for moi 
Work, yuck. 
@pinkmango77 I keep forgetting to send it  Work sucks, and we miss youuuuuuu Kaaaaaaat &lt;3
Work til 8 
Work soon... 
woke up 2 minutes before I was supposed to be at work today- don't know what happened to my alarm. Work til 5 
@mcflychloe94 hahah I KNOW. Work experience is a total bore, three days to go.. ow 
Work, work, work and mooore work. The kind of work I don't enjoy, unfortunetly  I wish it was coding or something 
Work work work,  I wanna be home so I can see lina! Ah I miss her! 2 more hours! Yes.
I'm about to head south for the night. Work will be waiting when I get home I guess  Work stalks me!
great. Work mates have pointed out that i have puffy eyes - bring on a glam femme night 
Work is cutting into my reading time. 
Work has taken me away from @NEOISF mtg tonight 
Work again. Ahhh. 
Work Work Work 
Work sucked im happy to be off, wish i could of went to the parade 
Work is gay. 
can't sleep and has a massive headache! Work is going to suck ass!! 
Watching mr and mrs smith. One of the best movies made. Work tomorow  lame
@theMaryKate Work sucks, doesn't it? 
Going to sleep. Work in the morning 
Going to bed. Work at 6am 
Work today - urgh! 
Work today 
Going to sleeeep. Work tomorrow  dreadful business. O well that's life
Work+rain= 
Work 8:30-7 today 
yeah not to excited to be up right now!  Work 9-2
Work at 3 - bad times 
Work is slow, no one to make fun of 
Work can be intimidating 
Work drama ... every day I've come in here the past six months, I've seriously wondered if I'd have a job at the end of the day. 
Work today. 
Work sucks! I'm booooored! 
Work keeps interupting listerning to podcasts 
Work today 
Work is sooo boring today..not quite sure how I'm gonna make it thru the next 8 hours 
Work is so boring....got here 10 mins ago  locked down for 8 hrs
a simple &quot;what are you doing for lunch&quot; turned into me picking up lunch for the entire office  grrrrrrr! #Work
Work six til nine  fml.
@aimeeeenicole Work it, girl! Haha I want one so bad. I wish i had your job. 
@koball Thanks for the idea, but this time of year, I am lucky if I see my hubby at all. Work doesn't let him play for awhile. 
Work is busy and I'm here til 9: 00 tonight  I hope it slows down a little bit ! I'm tired of talking to people already !!!
Work is lame! I hate my job 
Work work work all day  saw the hangover...sick movie!
Work again 
still sick  Work was busy, and about to find dinner before heading to @smalls226's volleyball games!
Work mode @ the office. So sick 
Going to Work 
Work is taking over my life 
Work needs to end 
Work, back in the morning 
Just got home. Work tomorrow morning. 
Work experience interview in 2 hours 
Heading to bed. Work tomorrow. 
Work tomorrow 2-11p. 
@crimsong19 I haven't.  Work takes up too much time. But oooooohhhhh now I see.
Work went pretty good only had 11 people to take care of, now I have a raging headache  Thinking of calling it a night
Work. Hohum. 
Work and fun can't go together 
Work sucks. Especially with a sunburn. Fml 
Work today, woop woop, school sucked yesterday  And my feet hurt so much!!
Work....god no. 
Going tah bed! Work in 5 hours! 
Work at two thrity today for training !  Then there till 10 ! :O .
I love anxietal insomnia.  Work in 4 hours, have had 2 hours of broken sleep already...oh yeah, today is going to *rock*  F.M.L. And how
Work is so fucking boring. Only been here an hour and a half. 
@veroli Work outside of town now and missing those &quot;This and That days&quot;. 
Work with no more kiddos....this always makes me soooo sad 
Work was bad  not for me. Might giv it another go and just get wasted
Work  but tmrw is my birfday!
Work out is over, found out what pr-digested ramen tastes like the next morning. 
Work sucks today 
Work  it's gonna be a long day.
Work tonight  reaaaaally cant be bothered tbh
Still kinda sick!!  woke up with a stiff neck now and this weather is not helping... Work till 5!  http://myloc.me/4rQq
Work sucks  ... Its been a while since i twitted
Work ugh 
Hangover schmangover! Work til 8 on 3 hours of sleep whoop... 
Work and trying to not go crazy when I really have the ugre to have a photoshoot 
Ughhh I could have slept in but I'm soo used to waking up early. Work at 10 
Work today 
Work all day 
work  @ Work http://loopt.us/lIUX5A.t
@techchat Any plans for the day? -- Work. 
When the cats away the mice will play ... &quot;Work&quot;!! 
Work, work and more work 
Work tomorrow  cannot be bothered with the rudeness of customers!!
Checking emails then off to bed. Work tomorrow 
I had the best dream ever last night. So what did I do? I kept sleeping so it would go on forever. Work in 3 hours 
I'm the only one on my team left here today. Work is so lonely right now 
Work... 5-??? Yay!! 
Work...... 
Work til 9pm! I'm sad, babe left to sac for the whole weekend 
Work is totally boring 
Work tonight and tomorrow night. That's my weekend 
@grandledgeMJ lol - best if you get the legs moving today. Work the soreness out! sorry it wasnt nice to you  #easactive
Work work 
Tired! Work all day tomorrow  the hangover is awesome.
Work was hell. 9 more hours to go this weekend.  but now i'm gonna watch fight club. I'll probably crash within the first hour of it.
Work at 7am 
Work tomorrow, finally making a little bit of money! But sadly not enough. 
Work was great. And my dad ate all the chip dip can't sleep! 
Finishing casablanca thn sleep! Work all day tomorrow 
Sleeeeeeeep timeeee! Work super duper early! 
Work and chores. I thought I'd be chilling and studying today. 
Morning peeps.. Work today 
Work...and lots of it..ugh I thought overtime was supposed to be easy 
I hate Work 
Work  I'm soo tired.
Work comes too soon 
Work on a frakin saturday!!!  some flutes are just evil.
Work  and im bored and its a crappy rainy day 
Work, work, work. Should be quite hellish this morning.  http://myloc.me/4DuU
Work 8-4:30 
Work is so much fun...  I wanna go home
Work....then smoothies party 
Work. Work is good. Work = money. But work means not being at home 
Work sucks - I want to go hommmeee   
Work in 2 hours 
Work until 5 
Work is so slow. I wanna go home and go back to sleep 
What's good... Work till 5 ... 
I look so secret agent with my black t-shirt and headset. I got here faaaaast. Work time. I'm never late 
Work again. Sucks i cant go  to espn monday 
Work 5-12, I hope I stay up! I shouldn't have stayed out till 6am 
Work is dead 
Work till 10 
Work was so busy today.  tired and hungry. 
I need to use the computer now!!! Work as been busy for me. I need a new phone real soon! 
In bed already. Work at 6am 
Work is so busy, and i still have 2 more hours 
Work sucks when your here all day 
Work at 9 a.m. tomorrow  
Work...  cba
Work  visit me &lt;3
Work @ 7 and I can't sleep! 
Work 6am-7pm, come home, fall asleep on the couch around 7:30, end up napping untill 11 only to get up and go to bed 
Sleeeping, hopefulllyy. Work in the morning  boooo
Haaaang over  Work in an hour. I feel sick. shit.
@NeekyT oh we'll join you. Work experience tomorrow 
Home Work!!! 
Work in 4 hours  What a weekend o.O
Wishes she would win the lotto so i never have to work again . Work stinks 
Work 10-close 
Morningggg .. Work today  don't get of until 7
Work.  open to close(11-6) then meeting his family. nervous.
Work 11-9 
Work until 4  slowest day ever, no one is grocery shopping.
Ugh. Work from 2-10pm all day..  I hope it's not busy at rubys today..
Work till 6...wish I was out on the boat 
At Work 
Work again tomorrow 
Work...hmm 
Work almost killed me today.  Ahh!
Work makes me tired and forgetful! 
Work(: the shuttle was full 
Spending the night was niceee!!! Work today I'm so tired. 
2.5hrs of sleep + early stats class = heavy eyelids, inability to keep head up, dead but haven't put head down yet. Work after class too 
Work work work. 
I want to go home.  Work fails!
Work is dead today! 
No one here understands marketing, except maybe the marketing students  Work makes me sad sometimes.
@pallaviade My work ends @5am, the actuals it goes till 10am, Work from home is a must mostly.  # insomnia
Work work work work... 
Work till seven 
Work sucks...  but atleast I get paid friday
Work in two hours?!?  Where did my day go?
Work until 930 
Work is so busy today! 
Work was mad, gonna be even busier tomorrow  #bedtime night all
Luunch time finally. Work is sooo fucking slow 
Work is boring 
Work is driving me crazy...  I need an extended vacay.  
Work time  10 hours sad sad!
&quot;Twenty-four hours on an empty brain, I got my finger on the trigger and you're in my way&quot;. Work time 
@garydriftwood I'm great, working at a towing company and yeah its been awhile, no home internet anymore  Work access though, yay!
At Work 
Work till 5am ahhh floorsets 
I am such a sober sally everywhere I go. Work at noon tomorrow, going to spend the rest of the night watching movies in bed alone 
Work 11 8 today    Lovely day been along the beach with the dog very early 
Work work work! No time for play 
Work flow, not in a good mood.... Hopefully the day goes well 
Work work and more work  I love the sun &lt;3
Lots of estimates today. . . Work is slow again  
Work again 
Still at Work 
Work till 545  
delaying the inevitable... Work in half an hour 
Work. Ughhh, I rather be sleeping 
@dhicks130 LOL!! I have to hop the subway and still relaxing at home. The inevitable Work!! 
Work is slow! 
Work, sleep, work, sleep, work, sleep.  Does it get any better than this? 
Work is going to be busy today 
Work from 1 to 9 
Work. Work. Work.  
Work is not working out im tired 
Work sucks. I'm sad del po lost. 
Work, work and more work 
Work from noon till 4 today is not gonna be fun...plus im hungry 
Work..boo 
Work today...never got to see movie yesterday because relatives were in town. Bartledoo. 
It is always a mistakes to read your email while on vacation. Work just seeped into my blissful world. 
Work is so slow, I'm seriously considering quitting my job this week 
Work, work, work 
Work work work 
Work 2-11 yet again another night shift. 
Blahh Work til 2:30........I hate waking up at 3am that makes for a long day!!!!! but hopefully TacoBell later today yumo 
@marcellariley haha. You think you know me but I'm awake and have been for a while! Work! 
... Work but first, sleep! 
Work done not going to vegas skipping darts tonite only good thing this weekend is the girl iv been flirting with at work asked me out 
: Work today  It's annoying that I'm going to miss most of the sun because of it, but oh well. Just getting myself ready now...
sitting on a veranda, and writing proposals on a sunday. I love this. Work in peace 
Work up an hour ago, just relaxed In bed. I usually don't get to do that. 
S U N   Work tomorrow...   I need money, lots of money! )
#Work today!  I like this!
Work has been good this morning. Just fixing some defects on this bridal website then hopefully it'll be 100% done. 
Work is ok, thank god 
Work laptop completely dead for 2nd time in 2 weeks. If they can't recover it, this should teach me to not save so much to my desktop. 
Work is quiet today... perhaps I should go and find the cape times 
@BecaBear Work was boring today too... which is why I left at 3:30 
Work then fat time with the wife 
Work....eh :/ guess i should be happy to go since im so friggen broke....come eat and tip me reallll well. Lol 
Work blew chunks, but what else is new? @ProSleeper Thanks for calling me back at work, you made me cheery. 
Work was fun. I'm tired. And i have practice tomorrowwww 
Work. But I have a lollypop 
@jonhickman oooh congratulations - how fabby getting married on star wars day! Work hard young hickman, fun tomorrow you will have 
Work at 9. only a few hours of sleep...it was worth it. 
Work = awesome. 
@AnonymousDave The no sleep sucks, but w/grat list, shit gets back in perspective pretty quick. Work w/newbies really is helping me  #xa
@windminstrel Work. 
Work, work, work. Finally not sick, though. 
Work, work, work and why did I get so tired all of a sudden. @PaulAros , nicole told me you say 'Hi' aww she was so enthusiastic  hi paul
Work work most likely aunt dawns 
Why am I up so early? hahahaha. Work at 11. I actually don't really mind. 
the scene aesthetic make me happy  Work could have been worse, in a preeeetty good mood right now 
Work was tiring. I do love airports though.. . 
Work work work all day long work work work so I can get my degree!!!  
Work tomorrow. I make more monies than you 
Finally home from work &amp; off to bed! Work just made my bad day even better! I love cathy!  ha goodnight
Work was kinda fun. I believe its bed time. 
Work calls, see you all later 
Work is starting to get exciting! 
Work was fun. 
Jennia's on a subway commercial!!! Ahh she looks beautiful!  Work!
@omh Work for me on monday apparently? 
Work is just dragging on and on cant wait to go to my 2nd job  its gonna be great
Work- getting my belly button pierced with @wafflesxxily 
Today is an &quot;ugh&quot; type week. Work, finals, laundry. four and a half days left. 
Work, tanning, lunch, &amp; home for a nap 
Work work work everywhere... I hate coming to work after 3 weeks of &quot;holidays&quot; 
Work todayyy.  x
Work tomorrow morning but then lunch with the girlfriends 
@ Work -*ponders* departmental plan for reception, how could we improve things? brain is only thinking of carousels and flumps haha  help?
@luckypony hey, no time off! Work, pony, work! ;) only kidding 
Work a lot... 
At Work, not working 
Work til five but on the plus side i get to wear jeans  lol
Work is done, a weekend free of trains or racing cars lies ahead of me, and all is good 
A lesson @gervaist learned late- that I shall not fall to: Work will always be there. 
Work tomorrow nine thirty till eightish.   35 days 
Work network system on strike: &quot;Computer Says No&quot; and all that jazz..It is going to be a very easy day...without client messages and all! 
@jmliss good for u   Work sucks sometimes, relaxing on the couch in from of the TV rocks :-P
