Most common words for this cluster:
[('work', 1609), ('hours', 339), ('time', 335), ('week', 215), ('weekend', 145), ('days', 137), ('night', 137), ('hour', 121), ('home', 80), ('morning', 62), ('weeks', 38), ('sleep', 37)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'work', 0.7950888872146606), (u'hours', 0.6019035577774048), (u'day', 0.5705128908157349), (u'time', 0.5569438934326172), (u'Some_antiflu_drugs', 0.5516655445098877), (u'never_dieting_Shayk', 0.5428555607795715), (u'Scouting_Schoolcraft', 0.539281964302063), (u'working', 0.5380557775497437), (u'Trazanna_Moreno_decided', 0.5351676344871521), (u'just', 0.5335590243339539)]





Why is that when you have time off from work you get sick? 
It's going to be a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnngggggggg night at work 
contemplated going out for a post-midnight walk but still have piles of work to get through 
starting to resent always being struck by creativity after midnight, then having to get up for work in the morning 
yay no work todayyy   but working for the rest of the week  lol
I don't like this 9-5 malarky - I should be out seeing my friends who I haven't seen in months  stupid work 
About to ge ready for work as i have a 9 hour shift ahead of me  x
work time 
iiiii havent slept yet and i have to be at work in 40 minutes. boo 
Trying to work up the energy to get out of bed to get ready for work.  Only slept about 3 hours last night.  
waiting for work to end, and wanting to go see my wife. been working 6 days now 
couldn't sleep, up all night, i will regret this when i get home from work 
@HURM the way i have been feeling the last few days and nights... i think i have conficker... it tried playing opossum... it didnt work 
After a week of holidays lot of work to do, answer emails, create some changelogs etc, not a pleasure work at all 
Once again, I wish some benevolent god would smile upon me and not make of work at this hour.  
Just had a lovely avacado, bacon and chicken baguette - now time for more work 
i love my late nights at work. i dont have to go in until noon. should i go back to sleep now?! i dunno 
is tired but has to be at work in an hour 
@gladysrobles good morning! I'm already at work.  what time do you go in?
woke up at the exact time I needed to be at work 
@bcslaski i dont think ive logged in in like a month or more! work too much. my town is probably all run down 
going to go sleep. i wish it was the weekend already! 2 more days of work to go! 
just finished a morning 4-miler...not too shabby although it looks like rain is coming   work time...
@audreythebunny may not be able to hang out tonight because of the undeniable amount of work that I must unfortunately do 
stressed out   work o no.. next week too... i hate ie ...   someone shoot me
@hawpunch I hope not too! Maybe its cause I'm tired from the work week. Hopefully tmrw I'll be ok. 
@CrunchyGoddess no problem, i will try to find that article though, my computer for work blew up last week and i lost all my research 
bed time. work early tomorrowww 
thinking about all the work that will need to be done this weekend 
At work  then school work all day..finals around the corner I got to get my mind right and go hard!
is getting ready for work then off the next 4 days to move!! I'm missing my baby so much 
...last night hilarious &lt;3 work all dayyyyy 
trying to finish up some work before playing this afternoon!  in the office
At work. So tired and hot.  2 more hours
All done at the winery...  I had a great time!!!  Now I must drag my rear into work. 
giving up on work for this evening. urrrghh.. only a month till exams 
I can't believe I still have 6 more hours of work left.   
worked  a 12er going back in for some more, just glad to be getting the work, it only lasts a few more weeks 
@ShannonLeto ok so the lights are cool from last night.. What are we watching now? and the last one 1498650... doesnt work 
is really tired from work &amp; came back to apt to do chores &amp; only to be at work 9:30am for mandatory meeting &amp; then go back to work at 2pm 
has to wake up soon but can't sleep! work in 4 hours ... 
back to the work again this morning fun times 
Just got back home from work... need to complete the time management sheet for next week... so, no sleep.. 
been sitting in bed for an hour. i REALLY need to do some work soon. 
2 hours of ironing done.. just gotta get some work fiinished now 
So tired from work last night.... and now I have to get up to work again 
@neilcurry is it sunny there? I still have 7 and a half hours of work to go 
well didn't get my two papers done, not even one paper but now i am heading into work for like 12 hours   
I hate rainy days  esp whene im stuck at work!
thinking... london in 4 days  .... must do some college work 
skipping sailing this weekend, have some work to do 
nooooo!  left important paperwork at work which is a 90 min round trip and I need it for tomorrow .... double gutted!!!!! off I go 
is ready for work to be over so she can crawl back in bed and maybe get a few hours sleep... 
Going to the library to finish massive amounts of work.  Being productive now will allow me to enjoy finals week... as I say goodbye. 
Physical inventory at work. 12 hour shift minimum. 
@AllyBcrazy lucky I am still at work for another hour and a half!!!!!!!!  
has to leave for work in less than two hours 
About to start work. Todays an hour longer then normal 
been up from 4am, and just finished a 9 hour shift in work... so not in the mood to do work 
I only got 9 hour this week for work! 
it's almost time for bed. i wish i could have gotten more work done 
1.5 hours of work left 
Not ready for another work week 
after nice weekend back at work again 
just took a shower. time to think about doing some work. slept 6 hours today now i am not going to be able to sleep tonight! 
I really hope this week goes quickly, I am just not in the mood to be at work 
Rubbish ... a full week at work 
sitting at work trying to watch a movie for 4 hours now, keep getting inturrupted by drivers, now I have to lie to one  dont like it
@stevehealy.. I work part-time... So i gotta work the weekend   sales job for mobile company.. I do like it though!
Watching him leave for work for the last time. I'm sad 
had a more than fantastic weekend and now feels that work is terribly dull 
glad the boss is out this week, but not glad that I have all his work to do too 
4AM time for work...I want sleep 
work  would love to be out in the sun.. and some money would be nice. @seancapote awesome weekend!!!
i am @ work. cant believe weekend is over 
is back @ work after 1 1/2 week holidays, and could need already holidays again  Just busy, busy, busy since I got here
awake too early, again.  stupid work.
I am really not enjoying being back at work after a brilliant weekend in the sun with all my friends 
still sitting doing uni work  but only 4 more days of it!!!
Starting another week of work 
I am at work let the week official begin 
redisigning myself... work, no presentation, gym @ night, no boyfriend tonite!!! 
at work and off in a few hours and its raining 
i am sat at work..at a desk wishing it was time to go to the gym.... i need to lose some more weight but its so hard 
ugh work  I hope the WKAP presale http://bit.ly/xrTzy doesn't sell out before I get home for lunch.
is at work! It's been a long weekend 
looking forward to sleep after a loong night @ work...just don't know when I will be able to. 
dang work in about 6 hours 
is leaving for work in a minute 
Wishing I had more time away from work to be in the studio recording 
considering looking for a part time job to make some money for the hours that are cut from work 
at my desk with a cuppa tea for before 8:20, I wish i got paid by the hour to do my uni work 
@AndyTallGuy well there have to be some perks for his working rota - he went off yesterday for 7 weeks 
At work and hating every minute of it  my shoes are green from cutting the grass
should really get ready for work  3 and 5 days to go!!!! 
My long weekend has gone far too quickly, can't believe i'm back at work later 
is so bored of uni work already  why can't it be summer?!!
At work again   1st of 3 night shifts then holidays yoohoo
Rebuilding my work laptop...one app at a time 
stomach is telling me that i forgot to have breakfast this morning - too busy blipping before work  - http://tinyurl.com/6lodvw
I am SOOOOOOOO bored at work! 1 more hour to go!   - http://tweet.sg
@hawanasir he'll be in few minutes. i have work and i don't feel like i want him around. i'm a bad girlfriend. and i'm selfish. hate that 
@amazingphoebe how was work last night anyway? 
at work..blows wrking on the weekend 
work..i don't wanna do that this weekend 
I am soooooo bored at work!!!!! I wish I had more guy friends who are up this time of night...I need a conversation right now 
I have to be at work in an hour and i just want to curl up in a cocoon &amp; stop thinking about stoopid people who don't care... 
@monabarry  i'll still be at work..12/13 hr shifts next 2 days
going to work again.managed to write a bit of my essay while i was waiting for work to get busy last night.still loads to go 
work all weekend, boo 
I gotta work for four hours and then it is shopping and bridesmaid dress shopping 
Home from work. Just settling down, checking e-mail, getting ready for bed since I gotta be back to work in T minus 10 hours 
cant believe i have to be back at work in 9 hours  ergh
after all that tonight i have to sleep. got a big days work ahead of me.... 
Working on the final project, course work from early morning, still a lot of stuff need to be done 
just home from work 1. 2 hours and i'm off to work number 2 
My work weekend begins 
Just cameback from the doctors. Have work In an hour. I'm dead.    http://twitpic.com/4enbx
At work..3 hrs of sleep and i dint even party 
eating cereal watching old school 9-0...great morning so far..dreading the amount of work i have to do this weekend 
still drunk and work in an hour...fml 
this work is taking It's sweet time 
i am at work people are sick or moving so I am having to work a 60 hour shift.. bored with no one to talk to 
@n00dzisaBAMF sorry I just got off work like 20 minutes ago  I would have come over if I got off sooner
At work for 12 hours. 
all the places i would rather be right now besides here at work for another 8 hrs...i want to party too.... 
just need to focus for a couple more hours...finish my work then I can play...working on a sunday is so WRONG!!  
I have finally unwound from work and I'm going to sleep....just to get up in a few hours..... 
Just finished a fun night with friends and has to wake up for work in 2.5 hours 
happy sunday have a great bank holiday weekend time to get on with some psychology work then french then time to leave for work 3-7 
i just got home from work 8 and a half hours ago.  now i gotta go back for what could be a 13 hour day.  and i won't get rich either. 
Still have work to do! Why can't i just a weekend off 
7 more hours till work again 
got work in a minute 
finishing holidays on very bad news is no  good presage for work 
damn, tons of work to finish before my flight to #djangocon  won't have much sleep tonight.
tossed and turned all night   sooooooo tired. not wanting to be at work.
turns out i didn't need to do all that alg revision last night. what time wasted.  lots of work to be done tonight! it sucks.
work time 
work tomorrow  sleepy time!
would like to sleep now but i still have 4 hours left at work 
why does it have to be so cold at work? it's like 23 degrees in the stupid break room 
time for work 
@lottesimons i changed the settings on something and i don't know it was right. problem is, i was about 2 hours deep into work 
Getting ready for the work week 
going to organize my study material for class; get ready for te work week. 
Doing laundry....trying to get ready for the work week 
i had 11 hours of work and i'm really tired but i just don't want to go to sleep 
Having an awful night at work, just want to go home 
I have become severely backed up with work and I know I can handle if I commit to no fun for a week or so 
wondering what will happen at work this week 
Dammit I'm falling asleep at work almost done for the night then a 45+ mile drive home ggrrr 
Dreading another stressed out work week. 
20 minutes ... how sad that i have a count down to leave work tonight 
A new week of work has begun   why???????????
Weekend all done  12 hr shifts  oof
I hate mondays, usually means a whole week of work 
I pray to god I feel better for work tomorrow.. I've never been out 2 days in a row. 
after a long weekend, finding it damn difficult concentrating on work 
Long night - up way too early worried about work project  http://myloc.me/tuW
@just_reva I can't  I've overspent this month And I have so much of work to do. (
liojone's at work - after one week in egypt 
Finally off work, time to go back to sleep. I hate being sick 
bank holiday monday = no work right?wrong! I'm on closedown shift 
waking up late, still on time for work... and looking damn good! but damn, i wanted some waffle house!! 
I have lotssss of work to catch up on today  payback time! Really want to chill out with a film...
And here we go with the work week... I think my team meeting is in 20 minutes 
didn't win the lottery last night so i guess i'll have work a few more days 
had an absolutely amazing weekend but now stuck in babbage doing work 
In class...so much work to do this week 
not ready to start the work week 
@gigi4462 for me it means the start of the work week  lol
Having spent a fair whack of yesterday working, I've come to the conclusion that there's no point in leaving work early unless I need to 
Almost done work but still along time to go sadly 
Enough with that. I'm sleeping now... need to get up in 6 hours for work again 
@JohnPaulAllen though the week, we don't eat until 8 because of the hours preston works. my middle shows it. 
@Jenazeen yes, they are gonna put her on chemo pills and if it doesnt work they will put her in a hospice in 6 weeks she has 1yr to live. 
The rain ruined 5 hours of work.  
missing you and welp, summer is over for me 80hr work weeks begin tomorrrrow 
So much work to do this weekend... 
sucks that i just got off work in time to eat then go to bed. if only my woman would have texted me back an hour ago we could have talked 
How is it that I still have 2 hours plus till I get off of work?!  3997.
trying to decide what i want for lunch....hate sat. nights  (sun morning)  at work 
I fell asleeeeeeeeeeep for 2 hours &gt;.&lt; i still have tons of work 
..all those months of blowing off work have finally caught up with me this week looks like i'll be doing nothing but art until friday 
Is in a relaxed mood, enjoyed my week off work, back 2mrw 
just got off work...and ill be working fir the next 4 days...wooo 
hates doing the out-of-hours monthly network maintenance for work 
Getting ready for work, really can't be bothered with a 3 hour shift especially since I'll miss the race because of it. 
work in an hour, bad times 
great, my dad's going into surgery in 20 minutes or so... and I have an 8 hour shift at work that i can't get out of. 
finishing off last minute college work... 
@CuttingOnions Yes, sorry you're busy with work!  But we'll have to flail about huddysex for all the summer. ;)
ok work time now! only for 4 hours at least but maths exam tomorrow ,___, could really do without this ! 
ah! half an hour at work and not 1 customers come thru the door 
U know u're getting old when you can't sleep in past 8:30 on the weekends cuz u're so used to waking up early 4 work. 
I had some really weird dreams last night - mostly about work 
man soo exhausted.. i could sleep for days.. think i may starting after work 
Getting ready for my work week...sigh... 
Getting ready for a long week at work. 
at work going to practice the song &quot;If all the raindrops&quot; with my kids for the gazillionith time starting to hear it in my sleep 
have work in 1 hour 
t minus 10 hours till work 
isn't homeless now, just needs something to fill the empty space   Ah well, bring on the 80 hour work weeks of summer
lots of illustration work  delayed last weeks 
re-doing 2hrs of work that I just lost due to a tools crash  #@@%(@##
i just want this night to be over with   only 3.5 more hours of work though.
work server down all day = more time for sewing, but a long night getting the work done now 
@ work....hurry up weekend 
is looking forward to the weekend!!! It feels like I've been back a work nearly 5 weeks, not days!  lol!!!
is making a list of all the things i have to do on my week off from work...not looking like much of a holiday anymore 
feeling very creative in the last week or so, sketching and doodling lots, which makes it superannoying that i have to be at work... 
had a lovely time in london but is now at work 
is back at work.. i didn't sleep good last night  
time to get ready for work now... 
just finished work. preparing for ten hours tomorrow 
between work and weeding, no time for twittering 
off to bed, has a maaasivee weekend of work 
@tommcfly ..  nope,, the joys of being stuck at work in an office.. bad times
 still at work......night shift sucks balls
All shaved and prettied up for a nice long night of boring work.  Bastards
home from work.. have to be back in 7 and a half hours...  again!  I'm taking my sleeping bag next weekend and staying there... lol
at work looking forward to going home and sleeping in 7 hours 
Is currently at work and counting down the hours until she's finished. 18 down, 7 to go 
is goin 2 work    even though it is the weekend
Finally on way home after epic 10 hour walk, proud of our achievement but it was such hard work 
I so can't wait for james to finish work. Only another 5 and abit hours!  x
im starting my many hours of work now 
@ABjornsen I agree but have been at work for 4 hours already 
Just got home, work in 5 hours 
holiday over, back at work now. Where did the last week go 
http://twitpic.com/5cvw1 - Going into work at 7am on the long weekend is not fun, not fun at all. 
Laying in bed waiting until I needv to be awake for work.  
I have to be at work in 3 hours   I really hate working til 1030pm. I want my 10-630 back!
what a dope weekend, but fuck time to get down to business and start doing work 
is at work! still a little upset from last night 
So tired out from work and the week hasn't even started 
I need to start doings some school work  now if I am to get an early night's sleep.... 
Its been one stressful week at work... 7.15pm and I'm almost asleep 
spent the night with the bf. and now i am getting ready for work at 2 
@BlasianBoricua i didnt get out of work until 12:30 last night! 
i think it's going to be a long night at work 
back online after another intolerable offline absence. ...and also back at work which means no time to tweet 
I have work all week. 
nothing quite like hearing you're 15 month old cry when you walk out the door to go the work 
i look like an abused child with the number of bruises i got at work tonight 
Trying to get back on the famous right track after some unusual weeks  - meanaing I've postponed lots of work 
at work til 8pm  so not looking forwarf to the next 2.5 hours
@FoofertheImpala It didn't start well - I was nearly two hours late getting into work 
I was sick last night I am feeling alot better now...but look at the clock i have to be up and get ready for work in about an hour...damn 
WHY can't I sleep!?  I'm normally asleep by 10:30p on work nights, and here it is three hours later and I'm wired... 
time to get up  and actually do some work  suppose
Note to self: next time you stay up until 5 in the morning, make sure you don't have to be at work at 9. 
2 minutes to break ;) done no work today:/ lots of homework 
is getting ready for work after 4 days off 
@HideNothing shit busy days of work and doing homework 
is at work in an hour!!!! 
pff. hard work, painting ;) &amp; i don't want to go to work in an hour 
feelin sick  stuck at work  not a good start to the week 
@abisawyer my weekend started off badly when my fella stood on my work laptop... didn't really improve much after that 
Trying to finish college work he's had for months!! 
So, know I've done all the work. And how will I spend the next 2 hours? 
A lot  of work today, no time for twitter till now. A short week means: same amount of work in less time! 
ugh the work week has started 
another work week  
it's monday and time for work 
good morning @JasonSco ! well its a fresh start for a chaos, work, college &amp; big tests! hahaha 
work time. til 2 
Another night of work 
lost last night was epic as ever! now doing work 
At work again  but what a great weekend with my @SuperV_713 :]
starting work week  ugh. would these people please just pay they bills and stop calling 
@thesportsreview  -- oddly my newest post didn't tweet itself  that could be bad news with the new writing blood beginning work this week!
I've been at work 20 minutes and have had to plan 2 meetings.  Why do folks feel the need to meet so much during summer ...
Last minute cleaning before work 
another crazy morning at work, too much traffic, servers melting 
can't believe she had such a frustrating work conversation so close to going home time. It will spoil the whole weekend! 
my work week begins here 
@wolulcmit i cant study OR enjoy the weather as i got massive amount of course work to do. 
is going crazy at work!! 1 hour left!! and i'm SO BORED!! 
@MissRed187 I wish I was there, instead I am at work...for another hour even.  
@rose5490 noooo was tequila good??  i forced myself home becaue i knew it would strike off 2 days of work!!
At work!  sooo much paper work too doo its almost the end of the month....
bored at work...wish i could go to the beach this weekend 
@vrinny no  I'm feeling too lazy to drive to austin this weekend. I'd have to leave immediately after work. Plus the tickets were a l ...
finished work before, forgot to tweet. was an exciting night, got congratulated on my chip efforts and got yelled at buy 2 men 
Always bummed when i have to leave for work and miss the last hour of the wicked awesome johnny and jayde morning show 
@MusicSnob75 I want starbucks and have no time to stop before work 
Planning the weekend, I have a lot of work 
@feefifoo missed you!  how was your few hours in london? Has to be better than work right? Lol
@janinerockwell work......just work. 16 hours 
woke up now getting ready 2 go 2 work after a week off but i dont wannnaaa!!! 
24 hours at work so far.. 
at work thru the weekend 
@SaschaScarpulla so i m on the train and i am SO late for work  gawd why do i end the week on such a bad note with the boss? masochist?
@steelergurl great blog, as usual..fyi me &amp; hubby tried to make trip, but couldn't get out of work..no sick days... 
Normally Fridays at work can't end soon enough. This time, not so much. 
gave up having tomorrow off for nine hours in work . 
Ugh. Not even at work an hour and I'm already wanting to go home 
finally outta work.. shitty night all around 
@BellaKavner98 Unfortunately i am at work  what time is it there ? xx
@ShivFrost i hope i bounce bak too and soon. I've already missed enough days at work 
I feel so sick, not keen at all for work  Anyone know of a new part-time job i should go for?
putting myself down for the night...gotta be up at 5:45 for work. 
@malloryleigh Yes it does, unfortunately. I've been trying to change the background on a couple of my work-related accounts for weeks. 
@j4 sounds like a plan, although I'll be on holiday/visiting family = work? that week 
home from work and now I have to study.  I thought it was supposed to be summer. 
Home finally! I have been gone since 4:45 a.m! I'm exhausted!  It is now 8:46. I have so much more work to do I'm gonna be up all night 
well, i just lost an hours worth of work. 
work tomorrow...sleep time 
just had some real japanese sushi for lunch with work colleagues...need some sleep before night out, but can't check-in for 3 hours yet 
at work once again...cant wait till my days off 
ugh work in 6 and a half hours 
Trying to catch up on work I've been putting off all week in lieu of other office priorities... 
Just getting home from downtown, and I have to be up for work in 3 hours 
sucks not being able to take days off of work or have the money to take the trip  so sad
don't you hate it when you finish all your work and there's still 1.25 hours left of work time 
finally off to bed almost everything is packed gotta be up in about 6 hours to get ready for a double shift of work  
Home early, yeh! work to do over the weekend, $%$#@!!!! not happy!!! so much 4 a big1 
going to die from study overload this weekend. too much homework, with paying work to interrupt! i'm screwed 
My life what a beautiful morning, i can think if no better way to ruin it than by being at work 
Approaching the weekend quite quickly and so much more work left to do. 
work sucked .. another 8 hour shift with only 30 dollars to show for..    i need a new job...
cant believe i stay out this late!.....waking up for work in T-minus 4hours 
I'm slowly reallizing how this burn I got at work 5 hours ago really sucks 
2 hours after teleconference. but can't go back to sleep. got some work to do. sigh sigh 
I would Join you shopping but i have work all weekend  six degrees of seperation is confsuing
never did sleep last night  feeling horrible today, time to call work I thinks...
@jackfaulkner Don't have time - got work later 
maaaaan! I spent an hour on a project for work, only to have the computer bork and crash and lost it all 
Is getting ready for work... Working all weekend 
Oh man....my fiance just got off work and I start mine in 1 hour....so not fair..... 
 time for work!
@AnnaSaccone Seeing my friends and doing coursework  I have the weekend off work so I am happy!
5 and a half more hours of work  I wish I had something to do..
at work and it sucks big time 
weekend!! even though I have work 
A short 5.25 hours left to go at work 
Ugh feeling sick to my stomach and I have five more hours of work to go 
Is still tired  due to late nights out and work and has to b up early again 2moro 4 work bad times!
So...woke up in time just for work.....boo 
time for work 
sooo tired, I wish I had time for a nap before work 
Nothing like getting to work and finding out you have to cover extra shifts this week... looks like another 40 hr work week. 
thinking 53 more days is the only thing that gets me through work. ahhh i dont want to go 
So much work, so little time 
Just got back in, and I'm absolutely exhausted, have to be up in 5 hours for work 
time to get ready for work 
dude I have 2 more hours  and I'm all done with my work  
writing the first &quot;ShowStoppers&quot; entry Just lost an hours work due to server issues 
got through two thirds of new moon in three days, now on to eclipse..........then more work  assignments sadly dnt write them selves. 
Is have a bad night at work. 
i was an extra. got ready for work for nothing. studying all night 
Beers &amp; whiskey = awesomness, work in 8 hours = sourness 
@snoozen i think i'll be home more than i want to be next week - no work booked in for the forseeable. 
@PBCProductions  Why couldn't you let me know sooner...I can't call out of work on this short notice, oh well here is for next time.
Off to ambers...a weekend of labour and hard work ahead! 
Moving is hard work! This is my last night in the house I grew up in. 
counting down the hours until I can finally drink this blossom hill  stupid work
hooome from work. why am i awake still? up in 5 hours 
@lusid2029 I will let you know as soon as I figure it out... sorry about the mix up; i was supposed to get off work an hour ago 
I want a burrito but I still have 30 more minutes of work 
@mizrik lmaooo I'm good girl. Tiredddd from work on a unvoluntary liquor strike for 10 days 
Has to be at work in 5 hours 
well, i cant work this weekend after all, so no plans now 
@sociaIIyawkward aw no work  ... I will take a few happy snaps this evening ...
t -1 minute to start work.... 
Tired from a long week at work...but not ready to go to bed yet 
left my damn phone charger at work. johnnys doing construction all next week so i wont see him 4 awhile 
Ugh. I have to be at work in 3.5 hours. 
I have work in 4 hours and and I haven't been to sleep yet and I can't get to sleep 
time for work 
I wont be available for work for a month or so, sorry 
@purple those things never are! Women ;-) time you start work now 
work all weekend  boo
@work on the moment  I hate working in the weekends!!!
is away to do her long shift at work  have a good weekend guys
Lunch hour at work is over now, time to go back to work.....  
Another lovely day outside, shame I will be spending the next 12 hours in a windowless office at work. 
why does sleep seem to be only a dream...i want to sleep so bad but i  cant. work in the morning is going to be painful 
Moooorning. Its already really warm outside and I have to spend 8 hours in work  kasabian tomorrow tho!
I'll be out on the town for the millionth time looking for work this weekend..   
@croarty not really  tired, less than good week at work and no fun stuff currently planned
soooo tireddddd work in like 8 hours 
Another 12 hours at work about to begin. 
work in an hour... meh 
Todays shift at work is 10:30 - 7:15  I called in the last time I was sposed to work those hours but no getting away from it now
 getting ready for work ....  def should have stayed in last night 
i love how my earache work me up 6 hours before my shift at work, i love being sick 
still not getting the best sleep  - work 10:30- till mysterious time haha
 at work wit a bellyache...ugh n still 3 more hours
going to bed.... i have work tomorrow. damn these weekend shifts 
I woke up an hour after i was already supposed to be at work! What has happened to me? 
So freaking tired that my left eye is literally twitching closed. This has been going on for about 12 minutes. Unfortunately I have work. 
@goaskkara I wish I wasn't at work for 9 hours 
At work. 3hours left to go back home 
gotta be at work in a couple of hours wonder what i am going to do til then ?? i know what i want to do but i can't 
So excited that i've been cleaning since 7 am mowed the lawn and go into work at 2 to work a nine hour shift. 
after a long night of dog throwing up, I have to get ready for work 
At work for 48 hours 
it's the only work I've finished all weekend 
@silkesmooth1803 girl at 6 but I hvnt taken my break so after that hour I hope times goes fast I wanna go to sleep  work n i dnt mix
So sleepy &amp; I have work in 8 hours... 
is extremely blah  haven't seen steve in what feels like forever, still have another 2 weeks to wait &amp; copious amounts of work to do 
Going to my moms work in 3 hours  Then to the boat. xx
Late night work with no apparent end...oh how i rue the weekends 
Leaving for work now.. just 7 longs hours before I can be in my bed again. bad times 
work time  lata tweoples
Morning. My throat still hurts    and I have work in a few hours.
@glennyb the closet is an on going process!It takes longer doing in between a busy schedule! 
@benjamintowersx ive been at work!  twas not a lol! I've got 5 next week! including 2 historys which is my U!!  how many do you have?
have to take a shower, finish my practical work, wash the dishies and study for the school, goodbye to my free afternoon 
just got my june work schedule...so much for getting a car this summer 
heading into work in about 2 hours... *sigh*  I really don't wanna 
My phone's dying with six hours of work left to slave through. 
@razmig My pleasure, now it's time to join the work force 
watching scream, got to be up for work in 9 hours 
back home, heading foo bed right now, gotta work in about 6 hours or sumthin' 
a always work when we get warm days 
work is so slow and i hate rainy days 
Home from work, 14 hours, I shall die now 
@amytheallen I've technically never really been there... hoping I can get the time off work so soon 
@susie130 LOL! I know! *sigh* I'm stuck at work for another hour. 
@Naly_D ahh got you. At work this afternoon  not busy though really  - got the crockpot book open and thinking hhhm what next to make.
work is soo borrrinnggg... i am just soo tired from last night. i want to sleep. 
I am soo bored at work. i hateee working weekends 
work in an hour 
work in 9 hours 
fucking cavssss.... this was supposed to be the year.  bedtime. work at 6:30.
At work..couple more hours till I'm happy again.. 
@whoiskenan I'm having sushi withdrawal symptoms! I've been off work for a week, hence consumption has lacked 
time to get ready for work  bye xoxo
Pity I've got to fly south for work this afternoon, so shops and no beers 
Going to sleep for three hours before work at eight till six pm 
im so bored... work tomorow  i wish weekends were mon,tues,wed,thurs, fri so we only hav 2 work 2days, oh but still get payed the same
@Bettyispretty sucks hey. And because I've been away all weekend have work to do before then 
@aissies no i didn't. half of them left on friday (which i couldn't do bec i had work) &amp; i had a fever on sat so i couldn't leave at all. 
At work. 6 and a half hours more to go 
screw you 6:30AM... time for work 
too much work, too little time 
home from work, yaya, only to have to go back in 8 and a half hours 
@nelsonmaud I wished I could have joined the fun a little more, but I was busy last night with work! 
let the summer work begin school and bakeside is my life 
getting ready for work. I hate working the weekends I always miss the fun 
3 more hours til 2 weeks off work...this is where it starts to drag 
back from work had a long week but its great to come home and work some more 
still drunk from last night.... work at 12. I'm screwed. 
Meanwhile, it's sunny outside and I'm inside checking my latest (3-week old) bank statement. That's how work gets in the way of real life 
@TherealNihal work aaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllll summer 
alright, alright...i give in...time for work 
ewww work starts this week 
work   then two days off!
making up for last night @ work. 
Looks like cleaning out my car, yard chores, and more computer work is in my forecast for today. No #iccw for me. 
@adunham1 i have to get ahead in my work so i don't DIE this week...   or i probably would take you up on that offer...
work 8 to 2:30. no fun when only running off a couple hours of sleep. 
I have loved the sun this last week, shame work starts again 2moro 
Just finished a whole days work (and a bit) when I should have been out in the sun.  
At work.  I am only 2 weeks until I start my vacation, can't come soon enough.
4 hours of work on a sunday, and its so nice outside 
only 11 hours till im back at work 
brilliant long weekend in the mids. a bit of work to do before bed, sadly. 
@cakey I don't mind work really. Once I get there I throw myself into it. But got exam in morning. Nervous this time 
Why pic no work?  I conceed defeat for the night.
So... a week of no work and I'm already tired   I'm feeling sleepy *yawn*  So this is what it feels like with no stress! I like it! hahaha
How have I only been at work for three hours? It feels like six 
At work. Employees calling in left and right. I'm going to be running the store tonight. 
don't think i will twitter on holiday, it will cost lots on our phones and it doesnt work anyway  not twittering for 2 weeks! :O :L:L
One more episode of supernatural and this lobster is going 2 bed! got work in the morning 
back at work  looking forward to the long weekend though YAY!
@eastofthesunart Awww lol cute... had a giggle reading it, will comment soon but time for bed work in the morning  x
another week of work! This shit is getting old 
couple more hours til work  boo hoo
time for work soon 
just finished cleaning the house...got to get myself ready for the work week 
doesnt want school to be over so the pm work shifts can keep ending at 7! 
good morning world! i'm awaaakeeee.. gym in 3 hours.. but my baby won't be joining me this time. he's got work  boo!
its almost the work week 
have loads of appropriate textures already.  and love creating photo montage.  this week in between web work.  overdue web work. 
not looking forward to this work week 
This week at work is just going to suck.  I have to train the new girl and I really dont like her cause she is so annoying. 
this week my life is jam packed  not good...toooo much school work...help!!!
I got through 3 hours of work before packing my shit and leaving. So sick 
At work...Yanks lose on walk off...another log week ahead 
 ... Getting ready for work. One of those days where you can just feel it .
have to go grocery shopping after work which sucks big time, i hate grocery shopping 
 I need some more time from work!
My feet are restricted my socks for the first time in 9 days, work has well and truely returned 
after work to go do treatment , long time didn't go there a bit scared 
@ninachakas and no, I'm not ready for work..ugh..won't b able to sleep all night  wish I could just quit for good.. http://myloc.me/2gcl
@loveyourchaos go to sleep! you won't be happy at work tomorrow on less than 6 hours 
3 hours data structures lab. ACs not working, its will be over 40 degrees hot here  I cant work
That's me back at work after a week off. I want to be in the sunshine, not in the office 
sigh as usual i wake up about this time. have to go back to sleep, work tomorrow and no twitter at work 
Just did my ankle at football  the next 9 days at work are going to be interesting now! Ouch.
pukeee.  I feel like shit, work in 4 hours
@ChristieFknBaby I can't  I have to go work 8 hours.
in quite a bit of pain  and two hours of work to go 
is off work....but still has two more nights to go 
nice weekend... back to work... just this week and next and then... more work.. 
no time for a swim today   massage oil to get..car wash... extra weeks holiday from work to sort...  flights to change ....
Up bright and early to do work after 2 hours sleep 
Loads of work, but loads of sun  I have to be more disciplined now than I was at the weekend.
No work for another 6 weeks  cant wait until i'm all better 
driving back from atlanta   have to be at work in 2  hours  ily &lt;('-')&gt;
RIDICULOUS deadline to meet @ work this week... I'm now welcoming stress with open arms 
time for work. this morning just observing in the primary room i'll be interning in this fall. observing makes me feel useless 
customizing a cv for evening/weekend restaurant work. 
@raisingurl Me too! And boo, I've already been at work for over an hour. 
@christilton because its the big E3 week, and also because you knew I was at work and felt bad for me, since I am not at E3.  
first day in a new area at work, already having computer problems 
back at work from 4 days home sick, over 600 e-mail and outlook keeps freezing 
did no work last week gotta do more now 
Exactly 3050 words! finished just before midnight. Not a bad days work. The enthusiasm never lasts, though; It's all down hill from here 
Finally back at work! What a wasted week that was 
 how can finding somewair to live next year be such hard work.
has just got up, after going to bed at half 10 last night. work in 2 hours.   no one's reading this but never mind. mmmmbop!
At work after a week's vacation. 
I am not finding motivation to get out of bed, &amp;&amp; the 40 hour work week ahead doesn't help 
why does time go in reverse when at work 
grrr. now under doctors orders to be off work and off my arse for the whole week. Why should that be so annoying? It sounds so good 
time to get ready 4 work goodbye internet till 2night 
It's the start of the week and deadlines are slowly creeping up on me.  More work, less twitter 
Already at work for an hour  woe to me
 i just got a call form work saying more hours got cut
Going to finish getting his things ready for heading away with work at 5:30 in the morning... got some long days ahead 
Going to finish getting things ready for heading away with work at 5:30 in the morning... got some long days ahead 
is @ work dreading class n the change of externship next week 
has much work to do n very little time to party boo 
this whole last week at work was pretty shitty...i'm gonna have to take care of my car payment later   i hate being behind on things
my hunny lost his job last week  He is still looking for work.
chillling out after a looong days work 
2.75 hours of work = 5 office chairs assembled. Only...Ten to go... 
home from work.  now its time for errands and chores...poop. 
@thehypemanofnyc I'm a total night bird, but I've had to convert due to having to wake up early for work 
at work 2.5 hours early....i want my car back 
@_tranquilize i'd be down for a capschat except i'm at work for the next seven + hours 
@LycoLoco  Aw man. I totally would have wanted to. I've got work til midnight.
@aprilholcombe   i really appreciate it!!!  i would if i could!!  i can't take anymore time off work ...not during the week.  
ouch! I feel like I got hit by a train! So sick! And on my first week of work 
@KadiPrescott I'm all for it!  It's just been a rough week schedule-wise.  I have to focus on billable work before I can think. 
Still at work. Still got a couple more hours to go..... 
I never like the last hour of work here it always goes by so slow. 
just at work...ugh...not a good week so far 
is soo sleepy! had to be at work at 5:30 am with only two hours of sleep!!! 
I still have 3 hours of work. . .  
time for bed, work in the morning 
This is my last week of work 
working hard as always on TNARevolution.com, think it's time for some sleep as i've work in 7 hrs 
11 hours at work to come home sleep and be no use. lovely job 
Just off work headed home to grill halibut and scallops! Then bed early meeting in the am 
Just got stuck at work for 2 hours longer cause people walked in 2 minutes before close 
Not wanting to be at work now  Two more weeks and I am on vacation!
The Huskies are halfway to the national title! Now, time for yard work. 
better get to bed - cross country run in the morning, work from 1-5 and 7-9 
4 days... not feeling excited yet, have too much to do at work and a few fine details to complete. Doesn't help that my nose is running. 
just had a hour poweroutage @ work..damn why couldnt it last longer so we could've all gone home 
changing posts at work next week, very sad 
shit i have to wake up 3am for work  three hours of sleep. nightchall
major headache. work 2hrs till home time. 
woke up earlier than i wanted, but at least i can take cold and flu tablets in enough time for work 
feeling less worse (not better... yet), but it may just be too late  so much wasted time, so many months of hard work gone down the drain
made a stupid mistake of closing the window before saving the changes she made.  whole morning's work gone! 
is suddenly swamped with work.. and hasn't charged enough billable time on her timesheet 
morning all - time to get going for work. ug 
Ugh at work already n won't see the outside until at least 6pm!!! Not good! And I still have the headache I had yesterday!! 
so much work to do, so little time..  how can i finish four stories by tomorrow?
good morning... i'm at work and i can't concentrate (is that right?) myself  i want home
time 4 work 
sittin at work sooo bored and ready to go! 7 hours left 
Has just realised she has 9 and bit weeks left of work... seriously needs to start saving  But spending is so much fun!
Pc died this morning, needed to get a load of stuff of it for work  not good
@PRPeta ...contd.... and i'm back to work in a few days, so I must get better; don't want to take my germs into work. 
is having a tough time with work .. is overworked and overstressed  and is a slave to work..
Redoing work I did last night but lost when my PC died  boy does it sting!
just got up, time to start work  at least the sun is still shining!
4 hours of sleep??? I'm gonna be miserable at work today 
getting ready for work....seriously.....there was a time i wished i would be able to shave...i was 10.... ive been a victim since 14 
finished paid work for the week... just gotta study every waking hour for the next three weeks 
7am I'm awake like clock work, why!?  headed home, hopefully my bed will help me sleeeeep&lt;3
Not having a good time at work 
All work no play at the minute 
bed - couch - bed - couch. I wanted time off work, but this isn't how I wanted to spend it! 
super bored @ work  ...punched in a minute late, that hurts :/
i have no meetings today.  which means i actually have to do work for 8 hours 
at work i feel nauseated totally missed him last night 
Is back at work  Only 2 more days til Christians home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
time to get for work, again 
Wants to take a nap but has to be at work in about an hour...  maybe tomorrow.
boredomm.. work ? can't be asked. ! waiting for the holidays in like 2 months 
sooo tired from work last night.... trying to pay attention to finance.. I haaaate class 
still at work  crossing the 12 hours mark ... sucks #
I am completely exhausted and i still have two hours of work left. 
is excited for download. wishes she was going out tonight though, but nobody wants to play on a work night 
Stretching my ears then getting ready for work. No time for a nap. 
Meeting at work then have to go back in two hours 
I have left my weeks shopping in the fridge at work  no food for me until tomorrow.
I am at work, dreaming of the weekend, wishing I was with my favorite person 
@olya_: I have work in like 30 minutes  otherwise I would love too!
is sick of having bad days at work. I don't know why, but people just seem to genuinely hate me lately. 
My work schedule=4 days a week. 
Still at work for prolly another 5 hours  
just finished watching the rays game, talking to kyle on aim and have about an hour to get ready for work 
I'm sick  no work for 3 days.
@kraziblinkgurli and i got stuck at beths for 2 days while dave was at work. 
Long...slow night @ work... 
All my friends at work are quitting.  Who am i going to talk to on break?
twitter, i cannot sleep.  i have to wake up for work in 6 hours. 
have had the shittiest of nights in work.. made worse by the males in our household bein dicks! i'm going to sleep until work time again! 
I bought a summer skirt to wear for work yesterday. Now it's gone cold. The weather change must be my fault 
thinks she's still drunk and it's time to get ready for work 
i actually managed to sleep a whole 8 and a half hours.  kinda stoked.  not stoked on someone being at work though   xx
My head is pounding and the state of the inbox makes me wish I hadn't made the effort to come into work this morning. 
It's 8:06am, I'm up, but I have no exams. Why? I have a staff meeting in work 
@missjaya you arent the only one ... have been waiting last 4 hours for some/any work 
sick. i wish i could've slept all night instead of done work 
doing boring school work  looking forward to the weekend
is at work and has finished what he had to do....so thers nothing to do for the remaining time 
@ramsin_taffles no can do sleep, gotta be at work in half hour 
i'm going to kill myself in 5 hours when i have to get up for work.  goodnight.
golfing this weekend? I hope soooooo......at work now though 
715 am dam I'm never up this time...... need my bed  on my way 2 work
ugh, I want food and I can't eat   I hate fasting lab work.  probably won't be able to eat for another 5 hours or so.
Working at my secondment job busy busy busy! No radio till 4.30pm today  xx
trying to get ready for work - storm woke me last night and I was up for hours and now I'm dragging 
at home enjoying my night before a long day at work!!!...work 
My new assistant is just not working out - no attention to detail - I spend more time now fixing her errors than doing my own work! 
@jerrymannel got work, but i dont have any other way to kill time. only 4 missions and 6 safe houses 
Now I gotta get ready for work!  I just know It's about to be the longest day ever at work! Why? :-p
Harping on me to get more work done and then put my progress into a spreadsheet is only taking up more time and makes me more behind. 
all that work on excel last night, turns out, i already had the spreadsheet finished. forgot it had been done 
Sitting at work... just 7 more hours to go... 
back from kfc, got my work clothes and everything!, only working 12 hrs per week though 
it's wednesday and my work week has just started 
Just woke up from like an amazing 3 hour nap after being tired from having blood taken. Not looking forward to closing at work tonight. 
makes me sad when i see &quot;good morning&quot; tweets when i've been at work for 4 hours already 
is so exhausted from my work hours   cant wait till 2mw is over so the weekend is here
@swellvintage unlikely, I'd have to take time off work to see it  I'm getting business cards next to my images tho!
@Mkenn076 I got out of work at 11pm last night and then worked on my paper and then woke up 2 hours later and now I'm here. I'm deaded. 
We're having a traumatic time trying to find somewhere to rent  Doesn't help that work is stressing me out.
@mozworld i love it. but my college work is two weeks overdue. 
More bad news from work.   If I get laid off with 11 days of bonus time waiting for me, it'll just be an insult.
bogged down by work..  miss all all the carefree weekends with salsa and some quality reading time 
back in e office. its only a 1 hour shopping spree... but now i hv no mood 2 work! what's worst is there's a meeting in 15 mins time. 
the weekend is starting. Or at least it would if I had completed all the work I wanted to.... 
no more fridays off + 10 hour work daysfor the next 4 months 
slogged my way through a solid week of work for it to rain 
teaching this evening  better get ready for work i suppose. really want to get in my pj's and chill though!
@ work exhausted late night yesterday  the countdown to 4:00 is on and than its nap time!
I have a bad headache and I'm at work until 6pm. 
bak from work 3 hour break then back i go 
another full weekend spent at work. 
got work in a minute 
back at home, time for work. 
taking a nap at work...no clients till 4pm 
my life currently is comprised of working, sleeping, waking, working with no real break in between.  and with that time for work. 
@parkerwelling I'm convinced I'm never going to see you play  That's right when I get off work, so you'd be done by the time I got there.
At work!   Sucks      its cutting my tanning time
@rickdalton yoyoyo iwant mets tix! I'm lucky if I can get out of work in time for the game though 
*sigh* still in work for another 2.5 hours 
ready for the weekend.  then 5 more days of work 
slept in, yet again. about to finally go take that jog i've been putting off for days. then back to the house to get ready for work  ick.
getting ready for work. sad that i have to work the whole weekend. 
Home from work........gotta work all weekend 
time for work 
oddly misses being too busy during the summer.. and greatly dislikes not getting work she really wanted 
I have 12 meetings scheduled for next week. When the hell am I supposed to get any work done?   
At work.. Ahh hope the next  4 hours go by quick 
@DtSofficial well on that note... I'm going to bed now... got a long days work ahead of me 
@AcePower have a wedding in my family - actually 2 weddings in coming weeks... plus work - NO time  i hope you enjoy yourself though
He's coming over after work. Then going to momntgomery for the whooooole weekend 
so much work to do on weekend 
work tomorow  after having 2 weeks off 
Still at work while half of company is at the ballgame, and others are out to dinner. 
@ryanlrussell its graduation and wedding season so my work week runs thru the weekends 
@ReneeG0587 what time u get out of work? I have to work tom too 
Is off work and headed to work.  wish i had time to play!
is home, sleep time, up soon for work  ice cream factory hell
@ambercrazyass I wish I could I have 2 work 2morrow at 8:30 not going out 2night so sorry  we definitely need to drink 2gether soon
probably one of thee worst days at work 
I'm  only at 59.50 hours at work this week - i  must have not entered some jobs 
@tmray arora is awesome except that it doesnt work with gmail last time i checked. 
@peterfacinelli work all weekend and squeezing in some studying too... 
weekend = work = suckiness = 
just got home from work...upper division writing test at 8:30am 
On the train to work. Only a 3 hour shift and I'm in the mood for work 
@lovebscott I'm at work. It would be much easier to get through the night if I have my laptop to watch your latest vids 
I don't feel like waking up early for work tomorrow  it's only 10 or so.. But that's early for my sleep schedule.
ahh, work in like 2 hours. sooooo exhausted though 
up having a little time to myself b4 work. don't wanna work. 
At work; so tired. Two and a half hours to go 
Its light out n birds r chirping fml i need to get to sleep...have 2 be back at work in 6 hours 
damn I promised myself I was going to do no work this weekend, but I got bored waiting for the footy and started the phone audit 
work now  for 16 hours  
I can't sleep   it's almost time to get ready for work
At work on the the busiest bar and its raining big time! 
just got out of the showerrr. work in a hour 
Ugh up for work. So tired. Not ready to go and work 8 hours  maybe I will play sick haha
home. will probably nap for an hour or so thanks to my falling asleep at work. then hopefully i can find something to do 
Hates having to spend 15 mins each morning to cover up tattoos for work 
@itsLissa not only am i awake, i'm at work! had 30 minutes to make it. no starbucks  5 people got cut off!
At work. And so tired. Didnt sleep a bit last night 
@connanmimi could be worse.I finished work @ 6 was back up @ 9:30 2 walk round town in the rain. And then,back in 2moro nite 4 12 hours! 
@A2ThaR  u know I'm always up early ,, so use to getting up for work that on my days off I still get up  LOL
I just got home from the pub....and have to be up and get ready for work in 5 and a half hours... 
Too much work for a weekend 
exhausted @ work... almost 3 hours down, 10 to go 
my work got broken into again on thurs night 
Patiently waiting and being eaten alive by mosquitoes!  time for work
enjoing my weekend... and doing stuff 4 school/work 
why does it always rain on my days off from work? this sucks.  I bet it would get sunny if I was there right now 
i need to go to the gym...i missed 2 days!!! that means double work out today ugh!!!! 
So bored at work! Only been here thirty minutes 
@claireliz81 I would bring The iChad, but it's at work and the battery's been dead for months 
awake messing around on the computer. gotta work in about an hour 
hating work, and wondering why managers find it necessary to work people 9+ days of work- with no day off 
At work new hours 9am - 4pm 
time for work 
is finally home from work, 2 hours late &amp; bloody well knackered! 
9 hours in work is tooo long 
@ work taking hour lunch 
Cleaning out my desk at work.. Its my last week here. 
going to go work for two hours 
@iMarkWilliamson me to! except I got  9 days at work in a row! they stiched me up rotten 
just had work on a saturday.. never again! totally ruined my weekend  i need a nap.
getting ready for another night at work 
i dont like that almost all of my girls are hangin together right now while im stuck @ work another hour &amp; a half  not fair
@jessegoins glad you're there.  I still have like an hour at work 
i have summer work because im taking honors english next year... i dont like school work... 
is heading home to get ready for work. I wish I could have spent more time at the picnic. 
come get some coffee! one more hour of work 
Just realized i should not have a part time job because i perfer to travel. This is going to be a long night. 
work at 5. and I need to leave at like 4:15 to be there on time? WTF. 
High at work and now I feel like time is going by mad slow 
Sitting at work for my last time 
tired as hell.. gotta be up in 7 hours for work 
ugh 2 more hours of meat and fish work 
@misshelen20 then its back for 5 days and off to glastonbury - woohoo,then its wall to wall work 4 this damn contract 
on my break eating some spaaaaaagehti. work again in10 minutes 
omg so far work tonight has been super busy. i was not expecting this  no time to read or tweet.
I really hate when plans dont work.  i  wanna have a movie night! 
just got off work. Not enough hours. Looking for another job. 
work from 8:30-1:30am not fun, i need a ride home!!!!! 
Its such a curse to do my best work &amp; my best sleeping at night. Why must I choose!? 
15 hours and counting  work has to end soon rights 
What a waste of a night at work. 
feeling left out i didn't go to dave tonite. i missed out  especially on good weather.. made 32.00 in one days work.. worth it?
11pm on sat and still stuck at work, talk about great first weekend in mex 
@tardypam You`re having a more rock n roll night than me. I`m stuck at work 
Ugh. I finally got off work an hour late. Throws everything off tonight. I wanna cuddle 
stayed home 2 finish work for work and didn't do any of it. tomorrow=brunch,hopefully laundry,work4work and sleep! then the week again 
just got off work and i have 9 hours til I have to be back there  sleep will someday come.
Today has been one of the most stressful work days I ever had. I want a new job in the worst way. I'll have to take a pay cut though. 
cannot sleep, yet again... It's destined to be a rough night at work 
just started work week have loads of unfinished work from last week 
Is still feeling wide awake after only having 3 hours sleep. So best get on with work then 
is gettin ready 4 work can't believe I had like 4 hours sleep 
is suffering from insomnia. please let me sleep... i have to wake up for work in 4 hours 
On the way to work, 7 hours off work 
@GeorgiaPrincez I'll figure out how to get it on youtube but I can't do it now cuz I have to wake up for work in 4 hours! 
hate being so tired i cant sleep. work in 5 1/2 hours. ugh 
My last night at work is going by super slow!!! 
I have work in an hour 
4 hours til wake up time...gotta work today 
@jodangerously hey-- sorry but I'm swamped with work this weekend. No time for play 
so tired from work. I wish I had a long weekend 
so far have just relaxed this weekend. its good. just not looking forward to the work i have to do 
Is at work on break. People friggen everywhere!! 6 hours left of shift too  agrhhhh!!!
i have work  in three and a half hours 
work is killing meeee! 3.5hours to gooooo 
@Carlotaxx work  i have to teach, cant take days off 
@colormyskyy I can't go next weekend :/ 2 people at work are going on vacation 
tomorrow should be fun..gym...relax...will &amp; grace time....date...home....sleep...wake for work 
tweets r not going 2 become as often now cos 1. ill b back @ school  2.  i will have a week worth of catch up work  3. trainings
up and ready to do some work....no summer jam activities for me 
awake !! hourray ! but time to go work again , 2 show in a row again today 
...before it's time to have another shower and get ready for work again! 
good morning! time for work 
Just woke up and my head is pounding, but I don't want to call out of work and waste my vacation time 
I'm missing out on WinterSoundSystem due 2 the manflu.  I'm sure the fellas from work are having a great time 
julie left  two days of work free though, good.
Third transatlantic flight in two weeeks  why does flying always seem so less fun when going for work?
Just got up, now time for work... 
i need to get up and do work. but this bad dream last night has me fucked up in the head 
back  from swim, bubble &amp; steam... got some work to do for an hour now 
I swear I'm gonna pass out at work today! 4 hours of sleep! 
well time for work 
wearing my work uniform for the first time in months :-/i really havent missed it..off i go  while evri1 else enjoys there night .nt fair
packing up, then work @...3:30? boring weekend 
why does so much of work have to come up only when theres no time 
ugh.. 3 more hours of work. so dumb! i want to get tattooed! 
i'm about to fall asleep and i still got about 6 1/2 hours of work left... 
Not lookin forward to this week of work  weekends go by so damn fast
it looks so nice out! it's no fun spending sunny weekend days at work. 
urgh up at 5:30 for work all week 
... I've got a crap week coming up. I'm not spending any time in the studio. It's all office based and paper work 
after work four hours overtime i'm ready for a nap... too bad i still have to cook dinner and write a paper 
Hasnt eaten in 24hours  and is at work  ugghh
has landed and is back at home.  and the work clock starts again in just a few measley hours.. tick, tock, tick, tock...
15 minutes and I'm through with my work week--working is a necessity that I wish I can do without sometimes 
time for work 
At work sick  about to leave and I jus got here at 5pm
time to get ready for work 
At work.  Lights going off once an hour...
i'm tired, but the bridge was awesome! now is the time for school work. 
@roopa916 I'm swamped with office work today, now using weekends to catch up on all of my administrative duties, couldn't make it 
is dreading another work week ahead 
two more days of work til vacation!!! why is el so dang boring 
Not needing to hear about the thunderstorm &amp; lightening strike during the European election count at dad's work. Not right now 
ending the weekend early and doing some work 
I wish I was at summer jam in sted of work .....damn 
4 more days of work to go 
@teajoygreye Just got home from work w/ a huge headache. I won't be up to joining in on the fun until morning.  checking email then sleep
can't believe the amount of work piled on her desk due to friday leave + weekend 
ugh work in 2 hours 
@shaybella not a thing. working 2 jobs. i sleep &amp; work on my business in the spare time. im at home....    unfortunately, lol
@lyssiex im at work til twelve and getting up at eight in the morning 
No summer jam just at work 
damn...lazy much?? laundry then sleepy time to wake up early for work in the a.m...   final exams week
Lakers up by 5 in over time I think I may have to call into work tomorrow 
@KellyWilliamsVA I have the choice to have work free weekends but tend to take that time during the week hence...work on weekends 
@jcluvsnkotb I feel ya! Another 80 hour work week 
This weekend was lame, all I did was work and do homework. 
Where the hell did the weekend go so fast? It literally feels as though 4 hours ago I was at work... 
Traveling for work tomorrow...leaving the little guy for the first time! 
Eating junior mints. I'm exhausted from work and i have to go in at 9  i have a 6 and a half hour workday from now on
@xxcomaliesxx I am hideous for missing it  I was so fuckin tired work, bed, sleep &amp; now I'm awake after 7 hours :\
@ChadillacaMacca The trip-hop song haha is work in progress i made the verse twice due to popular demand, they don't like the arabic part 
Why is it when you finally get time off work you get sick 
time to get ready for work 
a hard moving weekend but nearly done now after heavy lifting assistance yesterday. Boxes to unpack, van to return, shopping to do + work 
@kkobold No need to curse anyone who has to be at work in 4 hours 
at work... waiting to go home in less than 2 hours 
just got home from work.. for the second time.. and i am tired 
another week another boring five days at work 
@Japple i used to dance to those lyrics at work...until i listened to them...i've been crying myself to sleep in guilt all week! 
I should prolly go to bed now, gotta work in less than 8 hours..   
Just arrived at work after a fabulous wkend with @ambienteer.  Why do weekends have to end ???? 
At last, week off work. Would be nice if the sun was shining  
At work since approx. 2hours... 
@benshephard i need more sleep more days off work and where did the weekend go  x
After 26 years of life you think I would have worked out monday is when you start work again, and it wouldn't be such a shock 
My first proper day working in my own office and I was 10 minutes late for work 
is settling in for a late one at work... no beer involved this time 
At work again after 3 weeks holiday. Far too many emails to read... 
Another week of work 
i had such a lovely weekend - i am majorly depressed that i am back at work  http://tumblr.com/xnu21qqp5
@ssowy I think I can afford it if I only ate once a week and walked to/from work. I don't live in the serviceable areas though. 
Not looking forward to another week of work. I need a holiday 
I hate Mondays, 5 more days till the weekend again  work work work
wooo, another week of work 
@RKasten and begining of the work week... so sad  lol
westfields again, but last time in a long while now i've gotta work 
where did my weekend go??!!  @ work...ughhhhhhhh
back home ... having a week's load of work stacked up 
I feel really really sick.....think I might go lie down for an hour or so before work again.  
Wow what a weekend no fun to be had at all here come the monday morning blues yet i need to work work work so here i am sat at my desk 
Almost time for work! 
Up mad early for work meeting  I hate mornings lol
My last week of work &amp; I'm gonna miss my staff here at the hospital 
feeling under the weather at work. can't go home though, i did that last week 
Everyone seems to be having a horrible time at work today.  *sends fluffy kittens*
I do have work  i really could be doing with another few weeks off looking forward to tonight even more now ;-)
i hate the law... i cant work i the summer 
back at work after a long weekend 
back at work after an fun weekend 
work time 
i wish i did something other than work  i wouldn't care as much if i made $8+ an hour though
I dislike starting the work week with a headache. 
5 1/2 more hours to go!! So dead at work 
Heart is in about a million pieces and here comes a long week of work. 
at work  i wish it was time for the jews
Recouping from an awesome and exhausting weekend. At work unfortunately 
lonely day at work/empty lab  someone come down and do my experiments!
man, i'm so not ready to start work this week 
excited for the week. work todaay 
@NatiDred jenjen is! work time soon thoughh 
finally done with a 13hour shift at work 
tired... not ready for work this week. 
only got 4 hours of sleep. crap. and have work in 15. 
i just realized im supposed to be at work in 49 minutes  PrinceCharming
slow morning at work....pulled a tendon in my foot no tennis this weekend 
Seriously ready to be off work, 4 more hours left 
Sucks that I have to get ready for work almost 2 hours in advance now!!! 
I seem to always get called into work on my days off 
hanging around princeton last night was nice, now for some boring work at target 
aaah! Having one of those nightmare days where a combination of work and chores will wipe out my entire waking hours 
5 more hours of work .. 
Getting ready for work  its the last week with my kids.... And seeing that cuty
argh!  mondays suck at work.    weekends are never long enough!
I'm dying of boredom. Three more hours at this office watching my sister get teeth work done. 
is not looking forward to all this work this week 
Its closing time ... off of work and now on to class 
worrying over stupid irrelevant coursework and deciding who will cover me next weekend at work 
@claireyjonesy I've just realised, it's this weekend, isn't it? I couldn't anyway, I'm at work til 2 on sat and 1 on sun 
at #columbusrb listening to metric_fu and doing work on a presentation for next weekend 
 all my work is completed and i'm passing everything. now all i have to stress over is exams. u.s. one tomorrow.  &lt;33 4 days.
Despite my evening being proper ruined by work phone calls @otbcomedy rocked again - just a shame - have to work late again to help 
Climbing into bed and hoping to get out of a bad sleeping pattern. 7:30am starts for work next week is not going to be any fun 
@rsyang i can't believe the year's already over. right now i'm working on an online learning module for work already 
Is finally out of work and very exhausted on the train...bout to fall asleep  not looking forward to a long convo tonight though may p ...
at work // boreddd...nothing to do for the rest of the week 
I really wanted a night where i dont have much to do at work. Its not happenin 
@YungDollas I have 2 work 2night  .....wen re we all bout 2 kick it again?
good morning, late for work again. must finish contract.  my old friend 'procrastination' is back..... 
is still at work     so far not a good way to start off the week.
Reading web griffin book and getting ready for sleep.  Why does work go so slow and the time off go so fast? 
losing all power in my house for five hours when i have a shitload of work to do = &gt; 
We are busy busy busy looken for houses we almost signed the contract yesterday but it sold on us  ;-( maken us stronger
no work for me tonight! imagine that...no 40 hour paycheck this week 
Feeling sluggish after some 10 hrs in bed; need to catch up on work emails and hate being under the weather 
The concept of working for a living is so foreign to me right now but here I am on way into work for first time in two and a half weeks 
Not excited at all for the new work week 
late start at work this morning as I have the farrier coming to do my own horses feet...he's going to take ll my money!!    lol
Oh how I hate work and being alone for 9 days.... 
tired, ready for a nap but must do some work first... 
I think it's time I went home. Unfortunately I will have to do some work tonight. 
@ jonnyboyca  i wish i was going.  i miss josh so much. It's been hard without him and really hard days at work.
 seriously annoyed.. People thinkin its hilarious that someone would want to try and do extra work to make up for our hours being cut 
whats worse is I have to wake up in a few hours just to call work to let them know im not feeling to good..either way can't/won't sleep 
so pumped for the next 2 days. i need them so badly. fuck 60+ hrs at work in under a week. gahhh  fml.
I've been up for an hour with horrible stumoch pains errr. And i remembered that i have a cooks meeting at work which is more painful. 
work sucks but at least the flat mate is off the swine flu quaranteen, looking like a 60 hour week 
had a fabulous time at download, back to the reality of work now 
this is too early. im too tired and soar. work in an hour  uhg
@raptorkraine i'm alright mate, gotta leave for work in an hour  yourself?
work again....After being up all night cus i couldn't sleep 
at work!!  not long to go now!! 6 and half hours to go!!! YAY!!!
work is always at an all time high when a vacation is near 
definitely have trouble getting getting in the work groove this morning...must be the weather 
wow saturday was... maybe the best night ever? love it! but dreading work now   oooooooooooooooooo i need a new job!
i need a 2nd job... i wish i cud work full time durin summer 
@JustYn138 I'm sorry about your car....mine gets puked on at work all the time 
@WelshDrew boo stuck in at lunch time its like extra work at school all over again 
@xoxoJL i installed destroytwitter in my comp so i can see twitter in real time..........too bad my work blocked it 
i really should have had a few more days off work. 
Sitting at work waiting for time to pass...still not busy 
@jannwright right you are  AND work is crazy this week --- back in town?
wondering why I've been at work for7 hours and still have 8 to go?  
work this morning, but they're having issues with my paperwork  hope it gets resolved, i like my job
cell phones dont work for the 2nd time this week. we cant contact our friends out there. worried sick  #iranelection
cell phones dont work for the 2nd time this week. we cant contact our friends out there. worried sick  #iranelection
why am i so tired at work these past few weeks  i'm on the edge of falling asleep at my desk
Going home  Hopefully I make it in time for work!
@kaysis_bcn Just looked at the dates &amp; realized i'm in training that week for work so cant make it 
busy week at work, but thankful i have a job. still miss free summers though, i swear i can hear the pool calling my name 
Wow i havent been on this for a long time. Just goes 2 show u wat school &amp; work can do 2 u 
@deanschick I'm still trying to make my brains work, lol. I couldnt sleep for most of the night 
So busy at work  but I always have time to tweet lol
next week my daddy has work conference right outside chicago but he won't have time to come into the city so I prob won't get to see him 
not ready for a very long night at work.... 
1 of those days  hitting up a happy hr right after work!
Just into work for a 13 hour shift and I'm sleepy already 
@emilieannabelle I've got work and a trip to virginia at the end of july. my mom won't let me take any more days off 
I'm sooooooo tired and I'm gonna be stuck at work for another 4 hours. 
would like work to stop sucking for the rest of the week please. 
@misspee work? at this hour? crikey  x
definitely have to suffer through 5 hours of work tonight. wish I wasn't sick 
another work week 
Just slept for 3 hours--went home sick from work.  Ah, the joys of office contamination...it was just a matter of time 
Man I'm so tired of work already and I still got 3 more hours left 
 leaving work two hours early.
@ukgirlie I best off for some shut eye - got work in a few hours 
Maaaan I need me some money. I'm like not getting any hours at work 
Waiting to get off work..another long 20 minutes 
I have to wake up in less than five hours, omg. boo work. 
Home from work...already a rough week! 
why is it that ive been at work since 2 and made 15 bucks.....triples all week? I think so. 
@ladyalby7 I hate it when days off from work go so fast. 
should be sleeping... she has to be at work in 7 hours 
@TizBanana he said he's been in hiding. bout 5 hours ago said he was still busy at work........isn't home yet  need to find @McSquiddy
blah...have to be at work in 11 hours 
ate too much for the late hour  i need to get some school work done.  (who'd have thought i would still be saying that)
neeeds to sleep got work in 6 hrs  bad times!!!
watching a movie with the boy.... time for bed soon..... work at 6 tomorrow!  
hello! left late for work and then went through an afternoon of drama at work... i hope he is okay. 
I love @jesscarriero. And i'm watching one tree hill! So addicting! And not looking forward to the next three days of work 
In the sunroom once again, no purp this time but i do have some fire corn so........i've got to get up at seven for work 
Last test is done yay  .... nxt week work experience 
the funs over, it's time for work. 
hhhhh.... abis makan, malah maag mengganas.... not in this 2 days please... let me finish my work n get the cash first 
time for work 
I was trying to get some but my baby came in from work and fell asleep  it's going to be a long night.
It didn't even matter that I was home alone (yay!) because I just got home and I have to leave for work in five hours (nay). 
@ScruffyPanther I wish I was only just officially awake - I'm officially at work - I was officially awake 2 hours ago 
Tired and overtrained  18 hour work days are so much easier than training for triathlons...
knows its time to start getting ready to go for work... 
@Llawen It won't last   I think I'll be flagging by the time I fifnish work at 6.
do not feel like doing any work  slept four hours only 
Is sad also for i will not be able to watch boys over flowers later and to succeeding days coz there's work already 
Leaving work after 12.25 hours of working  and i get to go home and finish doing more work... then wake up in the morning to go to work.
@kirsty1181 I was still awake at that time, then fell asleep then woke up at 5.30 this mornin  now just gettin everythin together for work
am at work!!!  got another job tho! just a few hours at night!! roll on the cash!!! 
i wish some people would just spit it out.. if u have a problem just say kbbz? haha work time  rain  9 hour shift 
work experience is very tiring Only two more days. 
i'm not even at work yet and I already want to go home and go to sleep, i'm just exhausted in general this week 
good morning! chilling and listening to some sick music, got work at 4 though 
thoroughly bored at work! only 4 hours left 
1pm release time for 3.0. too bad i'll be stuck at work till 5:30. 
contemplating not going to class after work...I'm so tired...I think I slept all of an hour 
sorry tweeps that i don't have more time 4u this week...feels like i'm only @ home for sleeping  good that i have access to twitter @ work
@Noufah not with me at work  got 3 more hrs left until home time
omg it's 2 o clock already :O work in 2 hours 
is off work feeling illl  but still come over hopefully sleeping will help and i'll be PUMPED in time for aerobics!
@lynhypenny lol aww lynh, you can do it!!! i hope work last night wasn't too bad  finish your physics lab!! haha
really tired, just want to go back sleep but start work in an hour 
is already looking forwards to the weekend!! But has alot of work to do before hand 
pike east blocked past exit 12 from 128, 128n blocked from pike back 2 route 24....traffic sucked l8 4 work. 2.5 hours stuck in traffic 
@CreativeNerdSam GUTTED! i was at work all weekend 
Just got back from getting blood work. 1 week till surgery 
signed off work for a week but will do what i can from home. 3 types of drugs and referred to specialist. poop 
work for 8 hours. 11-7. great. the busy shift. at least i wont get bored? but i have to zone twice. 
@HighTechDad havent tried that yet.. only had a few minutes to play on the macbook at home this morning and cant run tweetdeck at work 
@rjoysims awww, thanks for checking up on me. I got the normal 3-4 hours of sleep. Just been so busy at work today 
Ewwwwy I woke up to late  now I have no time to do anything before work
Loves the new tweetdeck and is going to be at work at 10...update won't come for another couple hours gahhh 
I'm scared at the prospect that I actually did well at work this month. I don't want to be good at this 
For once I'm on time to 1030am meeting here at work....and there's nobody here. 
time for work 
@Dazzledust25 i'm good thanks, shatterd from work  i planned to make a video tonight but all i'm good for is bath and bed!!
has a monster migrane and has 2 hours of work left 
Feeling bad for keeping him up late last night when he had to be at work so early..&amp; he didn't even get to eat his pizza 
so wish i could take a nap tonight before work 
Driving home now from work and then heading to a 4 hour comedy course for my speeding ticket 
@blehitskelsey I'm at work  How long will you be on? I should be home in about 2 1/2 hours.
It's all piling on at work :/ So much to do, not enough hands/time 
The thought of being up for work in five hours. 
...wondering if I will ever be able to quit thinking about work after hours 
it would be sweet if i could start work anytime soonn.... no wikdwood this weekend  boo*
@huntermoore i mean it this time! i get off work at 5 in roseville and we can hangg before and then get dinner...i miss you  geisha
Holy crap!... Its nearly 2am!!!... I gots to get to bed! I've got work in the morni... actually i have work in a few hours... bugger! 
Getting ready to go to bed, 14 hour work days drain me 
house flooding. we're totally fucked. long night of work ahead 
err..not really a good morning for me fellow twitter  just experienced 2hr traffic going home from work :-/
@polskiekwiaty I haven't been at work 4 3days now  cuz I been sick 2 it suck rite I hope u feel better mommy
work moving local... no external external links after 3pm till sometime next week... if we are lucky oh and email has gone down  #techfail
That game was awesome!  time for work on 30 mins of sleep 
blahhh... 1 hour 40 minutes till work 
@creativecomms Long story involving work and kids - we had to cancel.  But we will go one of these days!
ready for work. its too early for humansss. had a baaaad nights sleep 
Here comes my 6 work days in a row 
Leaving work an hour after closing 
@meaghankayye so much time off of work already with everything going on this summer. 
I miss my husby  why does he have to travel for work every freaking week 
low in energy and feeling uninspired lately caused me double the time to finish work 
feeling the cold. work in an hour 
is still awake and not really tired. I really should get to bed though. I have to be up for work in less than 5 hours 
didn't get a wink of sleep the last days... i've to catch up some  at work
can't sleep. work in a couple of hours. 
@brookehaskins I'm good apart from it's 8.15am and its time i did lots of work. 
Right time to go to this meeting  off to 'debate' things for a few hours and do no actual work - laters!
its lunch-time!! off to explore a new food-joint..... gotta finish some work after that 
I've had the most hectic day: meetings, organising flights, trying to organise insurance to go overseas, catching up. No exams != no work 
@nicolalalalala good thanks too just got into work so have to abandon twitter until home time 
Dreading work now a days..   Waiting for school to start again, to get my mind off my problems..
work til three  i haven't gotten any sleep this week.
man this sucks i cant sleep and its 4 in the morning and i have to get up in 2 hours for work 
sitting at work wondering why i am so afraid of the tenth floor. O i remember why!a man jumped off and died! 
@hramsaeg that sucks  i just choose to be at work at a ridiculously early hour lol
@amystuckey1 ash couldn't get the time off work 
again at work....its booooooooorriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing  any one who knows how can i spend my time?
Another night of work done. This is becoming too much of a habit this week 
The lack of sleep last night is catching up with me and i still have 3 more hours of work 
Computer at work is sick  Today is going to be one of those days...
sleeptime. work @ 6.30am.  hangs this weekend?
This has just NOT been a good week for doing exterior work. Especially deck/exterior staining work.  
work in 3 hours 
Just got done with exams, well what I think is done anyway lol. Now time for work 
home from work tired and grumpy hadte htis time of hte month  wondered why I'd been cranky should have known
time to get ready for work. 
I'm at work but it doesn't start until 11, so now I'm an hour early and drenched. 
almost time for pooey work... 
Next two weeks. No internet at work for me 
at work...EXHAUSTED...had a hard time sleeping last night  i need more coffee than i have on my desk right now...for sure!!
I was so proud of myself for leaving on time for work and then, of course, there's construction that's delayed me like 15 minutes 
I don't like completing performance evaluations   Don't like this time of the work year.
good morning twitter bugs looking for work is such a drag 
@team_allen updates please!  I'm at work this week so will miss it all 
@dfuentesjr Since moving into our house 4 years ago, I too am on my 4th season of weeds.. I hate yard work    What's that? diff weeds. oh
enjoying my last few days of vacation before work and rehearsal starts! 
@shawtiigotgifts what time u work tomorrow- i basically have 2 go str8 frm work 2 the concert 
The work drama continues for so long the popsicle I brought for a morning treat melted 
@thorrad we wouldn't be able to get there until later, like 6:15 or 6:30. I have to drive invalid boss to &amp; from work &amp; her hours later. 
bored.. feel like I'm done with work for the week and I'm not  ahhhhh I wish it was friday
My weekend off has been cancelled by work.  I knew it was to good to be true.
At work freaken bored and hot  I haaaaate the summer it make me so grumpy!
schoooooool's out for summer! work soon 
is at work and still has an hour to go 
waiting for work to end.  1 hour and 10 minutes to go 
ughhh... work just slows to a crawl in the last hour 
at work  one more hour left @SIMafia should def be cozied up in weather like this smh
@NomadWanderer shucks. do u have to start work as soon as you get there? you'll barely get 2 hours of shut eye before hitting the airport 
Finally done with the chores! time to relax before bed! i have to be at work at 5 am! 
been in work for 7.5 hours, only 13.5 to go!! 
work time...its still raining 
I'm having trouble keeping my eyes open.  I still have three hours of work left. 
summer work 
My last week of having nothing to do is coming to an end.  but this hard work is all going to be worth it.
thinks she has a stomach virus..wishing I could be at home rather than standing for 5 hours at work 
heading out to the concert...be back when it's done...no afterparty for me tonight..gotta work for four hours tomorrow really early 
hates making up time at work 
Really hate summer re-runs! It makes the time at work go by so slow 
Fentruck should be on in two min. And i am stuck at work for two hours 
right bed time for me need to get up for work at 9 
10 1/2 hours later, and I'm still at work. 
going to have a looping night of work 
work till 4...shopping and spending the evening with adrian 
@trinitytrouble I have work @ 5:30am  do you work this weekend? lets smoke ourselves stoopid
@typicalnaloboy  boo  but you can see it on the days when you dont work! then you will be evil!  muhahaha
@valzee I'll be at work..all weekend...  
an hour and a half left to go before i have to come to terms with the fact i dont work at roadrunner and face detention on monday 
Just got told my hours are getting cut at work.this suck I pay more in child support that what I take home 
@Nattaalie hell ya i do i am so soreee  7hours straight of work ill be suprised if i can even move tomorrow haha
Is work, work, work, and no time for fun  man summer's used to be the best time of the year!!
interesting night (to say the least)...heading to bed. waking up early for work 
@DJWiLLGATES i gotta get up in a few hours for work 
has three weeks of no work....oh the poverty! 
I might have some work next week... in construction. You read it here first :-D :-/ or  lol
8 hours without a computer makes work hard 
@x0xnina i just got home from work.. time to studyy... 
work all weekend. 
Getting off work 3 hours late and working 13 hrs tomorrow makes me a real crank ass 
hey everyone just got off work glad to be home after getting poured on for 6 hours 
soooo tired but have 2 go 2 work  see you in 8 hours x
the sun is shining.....but ive got bloody work @ 2.30pm &amp; i REALLY hate my job 
Holy moly! What has 40 hours of work done to me! 
i've firmly resolved to do the social media thing only in my off hours now (unless i'm using it for work somehow). withdrawals already 
@martinrose20 ty! I def will be! Not til next week though- at work  lol
what will the weekend bring?? A sleep in yeah right! house work 
@OfficialTL you do your work perfectly, now you have probably no more quiet minute...this is definitely not easy  wish you a nice weekend!
At work again for the next 8 days solid 
And secondly, I have won second prize, as in; first prize - one more week off work, second prize - TWO more weeks off work 
has just finished work but has gotta co back in this afternoon for one client 
im entering a long weekend at work 
At work  13 hours to go!
I wish my mind wasn't so up &amp; down like it is  trying not to think about all of it while im at work for the next 12 hours..
only an hour left until work. I miss my mommy 
got my early fix of the ghostbusters game. time to get ready for work 
sickk.. and had to leave work during my first week. 
I hate not having a parking pass, I have to leave an hour before work to park 4 blocks away! 
@kiwimmigrator must be in the wrong line of work, I've no time to have an afternoon nap 
two more hours of work! i cant wait to go home 
tired still .. hate bad dreams that wake you up in the middle of the night  .. work 12-5 .
@lucylemon I know, my sis has been out of work for a long time  I'm red in support of the @britishredcross campaign this week.
I feel like i'm gonna puke  ...2 more hours of work
Sitting at work for the past 2 hours without power 
summer.  yard work means hives. means allergy meds. means sleepiness. means no sleep because of thinking about yard work to do. 
summer school is so busy!  i hate it! this weekend is bittersweet... work and homework, blahh! working @ schotzi's tonight! come visit!
I have spent approximately 4 hours on various phone calls today! I have failed to get proper work done 
48 Hours of freedom before I start full time work 
work for ten hours? ohhh yes please!! 
oh it's too busy at work. I'll have to do the update to commentluv after I finish in a few hours. 
I am SO TIRED. But I do not have enough time to nap before work. I always get sleepy in the afternoons and can't sleep at night. 
So mad at @claudivab, @nikamay, @msgaylonm... n everyone else that had me taken shots last night! Sucks cuz they slept in and I'm @ work 
work tomorrow, 8 hours, noo 
@NatYeates Usually still at work at that time 
@TheRealJennZ.  just sat at the house until it was time for work.
I can't remember dreading work like this in such a long time, I just wanna stay home with my crew 
slept for like 2 hours. need to sleep again soon though. work tomorrow 
@ceransx when i posted about getting laid off, i got hit by 5 different work from home spammers within ten minutes. 
is last night at work.. sad 
about to leave work and face rush hour traffic 
@Tilu2 Aww, thank you. Just having a really shit time at work. I'm not well (poss virus) but we're understaffed so I have to be there. 
Just realized I can't go out all weekend  I socialize too much at work
I wanted to, but i didn't have time  i had to run a work errand 
damn i'm at work and i'm watching traffic outside at a standstill. i was a half hour late today 
ended up working six and half hours instead of just five  and i had to train some stupid boy @ work today
not looking forward to the next 7 full days of work 
@_x3ro it's very nearly the only thing I do these days.......cept work 
@sf_gunner No :'(  I was close to going during spring break but it didnt work out. I've been begging and begging and begging my parents 
work in 10 hours 
@kajatl no I gotta work night audit this weekend and the next  we need to hire someone asap to work this shift
sittin here n just got off work... ugh have to work 8 hours tomorrow again n 6 sunday 
happy about the end of a heavy week at work but worried not finishing everything I was supposed to 
@JaniceLayug ill let you know when my schedule frees up a little, my schedule at work has been unpredictable and its wearing me out 
Oh, is so tired! But it's time for work now 
not so happy about work right now, I just got home like 15 minutes ago 
i can never sleep at night 'cause i'm always so hungry  work @ 8, fabuloussssss.
@maryelleuh costco I have officially given up and said to myself that they won't call me and it's time for me to find work somewhere else 
Fml working over my six hours with no money makin going on 
I just got home from work 15min ago &amp; need to be back at work in 7 hours 
@eatyouroates sympathy. work in one hour; do not want either 
@auroragfn  I'm fighting sleep at the moment: 7am and I have been hard at work for 12 hours. Nearly there ...
almost time for work 
in work  saddd!! anor 6 and half hours to go 
it's boring here  i just watching my dad work all time 
Just saw the proposal, thought it was a very good movie...time for bed, work tmrw 
@XChadballX I must have missed the call  haha. Fridays are my work nights. Hopefully soon. Would love to catch up.
i just got home from 7 and a half hours of work.  and have a headache from screaming children.
17 hours of work everyday throughout the week.  totally drained out.
weather sucks today  ... perfect time to get my bike to inspection and do some left over work from last week #motorcycle #work #fb
The work never stops  even on weekends 
I couldn't sleep   I had a headache and like a dummy took excedrine at 12am!!!  I have to start getting ready for work in an hour, WAAA!!
it's been an hour since my hubby left for work and I haven't moved  got things to do!
work in 3 hours... still havent slept. this seems problematic...  &lt;/3
Another hour of work!!! 
4:30 in the am and can't sleep. And I have to be at work in less than 4 hours 
i HATE my face!!!! just spent over an hour trying to fix it, didnt work, put me in a bad mood now 
Didnt work as many hours as I thought I did this week!  Didnt clock out one night.
time for work soon 
I hate work. Its so busy and I've still 3 hours left 
Just had a big mac. 5 hours of work to go 
Not feeling great and I've got hours left of work 
ewwwww, work from 9-3 then cape  , but @ddlovato in 6 days!!!!
Long ass night. @ work. 
I have several of these people at work...last week was a rough one.  
i left my phone at work    (the only good thing about my lunch break being nearly over)!
couldn't sleep last night and now it's time for work 
weekend work.  
At work. Still waiting for the lorry to get back. 2 hours now 
yay! tired from work...next week we'll be busy again 
Eating some awful fried cheese for dinner, work is rubbish and im so tired  but 3 days until crete!
I've been drifting in and out of sleep for the past hour. I really dnw work at 1. 
@annieeee thank you lady!! I'm so sorry I couldn't make it  I've had work 6 days in a row blehh
since we're stuck at home, i am catching up on work to do, since i skipped all my hours on tuesday. ready for next weekend. *sigh* 
At work starting a 12 hour shift 
gotta do some work around the house then work at 4.  Its rained for 4 days now   gahhh
work 11-7. ive had no time for tweeteringg  i will soon though bbwl.
now only 2 hours till work - sad panda 
only 7 more weeks of work! yippy 
absolutely shattered after a hard days work .. ans still more work to do later 
@cavorting just relaxing .. back at work monday after a week off 
@petshopboys were amazing last night!  But now at work, trying to catch up 
hot hot hot! I just love sun! but not when I miss 7 hours of it due to being inside at work  whhhhyy
is stuck at work on this beautiful weekend  
@RobinShen Couldn't bring her over to the arena I'm afraid, work being done alongside with heavy machinery, another few days 
I gave myself too much time to run errands. Now im at work an hour early 
chilling b4 work... closing weekend 
@LaurenConrad I wish I could go!! I'm stuck working 4 hours away 
work time  boooooooooo.
stupid work. no time for fun 
just woke up.relaxing into later work!! god what a night 
outskirts are bogged down with college work  but are looking forward to a great week ahead
ooh wow. 8 hours of work. I am not ready for this 
@Hezzington aww  i hate those days! i like wake up at like 9 everyday now ... stupid work   i need my beauty sleep!
4 more hours of work 
aiaiai... delays all over the place plus scheduled repair work.. guess it'll take some time before i'm home.. 
Just got off of work......time to hit the physics    
I'm SO stuffed.. One hour left of work and then a million things to do today 
3  hours late for work 
i well wanna put my hours down at work 
I just got off work and I already feel like the weekend is over  am so anxious about the schedules now
@the_lfk work over weekend. 
45 more minutes left of work... Then I go right back to work 
just got off work!  i had one hour of sleep, enough said! 
SERIOUS case of the munchies. This is bad  5+ hours of work to go.
Man, I so desperately do NOT want to be doing this freelance work. Unfortunately, it looks like I'll be doing it the rest of the weekend. 
not only did i get sent home an hour early from work, but my piano student canceled. $35 out the window!!!  ... at least i get free lunch
Suffering the headache from hell right now. I tell you every month I get one of these like clock work 
I just want to sleep for like a week right now. But no, work. Why does that sentence fragment need a comma? 
A night off work - Compliments of a sprained back. 
@TIFFOZZY I will take pics if I can go! I think it is during the week though so no guarantees because I have work 
had a good shift at work today... but no shifts next week. I'm not gonna make any money this summer. 
Needs to get back to work soon.. But I do my best work late at night 
@twizb I've got two more days of work left... 
Home from work. So disappointed in was slow AND boring, usually slow days are the best. 
it would sewlem my tiny vacation has ended. It is now time for work. 
The downside of making your own work hours: always feeling like you should be working. 
stupid MTV people kept me at work a half hour longer 
@drakoboy 2 more hours to go for me.  I'm still at work. 
On the computer... sick of rain and gotta work in the morning. 
work in 1 hour and 35 minutes 
Is drinking, low and behold, I can kiss goodbye to my week of hard work outs now tho 
bed time! have to be up early for work 
frustrated because the website to do my homework has been down all night!!! So, I can't even do all my work! 
On the midnight shift at work 
Long night at work 
ahhhh long night at work 
doing laundry...i thought weekends were for relaxing not extra work 
home from work time to study 
gah just finished work.  and again i was there 4 7 hours.
Still hungry, still tired, still has 13hours of work 2moro 
@AngieMarie123 omg i know i have seen that one too.i watched it at work and bawled the whole time 
Is up already, time to get ready for work 
@jamesdrax i cant work part time atm 
@imSLiMMyaDiG hahahahaha!!! i wish we had more time, we both work in the afternoon.. 
Really hungover and I have work in half an hour  blehhh give me my beddd!!
@sascfied I'm back at work aswell for the next 6 weeks 
Leaving for work soon 8 1/2 hours today and lisa woke me up so naturally not in a very good mood 
been 3 months since i had a decent break!  What is it with work, that people forget to have fun in life.
time for work  caio be back later when im completely drained! -x-
At work, in this lightning storm. I have keraunophobia, so now I keep shaking  ennh!! 9 more hours!!
back from holidays, and resting now  work 2morrow 
majorly injured my elbow at work last night  so much painnn.
at work  on break listening to @jonasbrothers in the car, woo. so so tired! roll on half four.....three &amp; a half hours *sigh* x
I hate work after not sleeping much for 2 nights..oh well its my own fault for switching hours 
i want more weekend time!!! booo. and i hate work 
Wishes the weekend would never end... aargh... work. 
start work on tuesday  ! i hate jobs ahaha wish i could just party it up all dayy errdayyy 
Just finished work after a mammoth weekend, and it's just started perishin' raining!!!  Who ordered that??  
at work  7am is to early.  work schedule next week is horrible! uh.later
my legs hurt.... im tired.... and my brain actually hurts..... work in 8.5 hours 
i should probably do my homework that's all for tomorrow... i hate free periods it's near impossible to get any work done 
3 hours sleep, hungover and in work. Not good  the mcdonalds didn't even help.
About to jump in the shower and get ready for work. I pretty much spent my whole weekend at work!!  I need a break! Like 2 weeks not 2 day
4 more hours till I'm out of work 
ooommgg I'm soooo sleeepy ! too bad I don't have enough time for a nap before work 
Off to another work week. With my dissipating affection for Impossible, I think nothing is holding me to work anymore. 
Has been at work for 20 minutes and already wants to go home 
@SteveWeed32 I want bux! But I won't have time before work 
yay! summer holidays are finally here, except now I have work experience! 
@MangoCarey have you seen them on their new tour?  I made a feeble attempt to stalk them at work last night but couldn't find them 
time to get ready for work 
is tanning; work in a few hours 
@CallyGage @AlanCarr full time work 
damn, @juliansimpson I want a mojito. but I am still at work for another hour 
Just spent two hours book keeping. The more work you get, the more paperwork to do. 
I am back for another boring week at work because I am broke 
getting ready 4 work  Is it bed time yet ??
Vbs was fun but now I am super exhausted... sleep sounds amazing too bad I have work in an hour 
this is the first time that I come home from work and don't immediately want to collapse on my bed... I should do chores 
miss my painting...its been work and more work foe weeks now 
@heatherlalovesu- it's pretty pathetic how much I miss you during the work week 
@richwareham  Ungood; you have my sympathy. I got that two days into a new job and was off work for a month and a half...
at work.. meetings cancelled 2 days in a row.. wow! perhaps everybody's on holidays already.. 
was hoping to have a/c in my car today... looks like I have to wait a week  at least I have time to get some cleaning done before work
Morning!!! time for work  and why do I keep seeing 11:11? So weird....
Up and getting ready for work, had a good weekend but a lot of thinking to do 
At work! Transformers tonight! time to nap!!! 
@AliceBeadle shut up! i was up all night doing work 
@Yellowxander starting without me huh... I still have 4 hours of work left 
work for another 2 hours bleeegh 
watching desperate housewives until time for work  then studying economics all night long, yuckkk!
hospital work starting tomorrow again !!! will miss the holidays  
@simplyKATEY kateyyy my brother is trying to extort me for money so I can go see alexisonfire  also I'm at work for another zillion hours
Is at work:/ been there since 8 a clock this morning :/ is a bit tired of working now but i have to 
@dustondust haha, maybe!  but i think summer quarter is turning out to be more work than i thought it would be  
summer break?...vacation time??.. i don't see any of them anywhere....buaaa .....i only see work work work 
@mcrowther well.... yeah. but boo  what time do you get out of work? we're usually there late (like til 7) so we could get dinner....
@alexakim LOL... my bad, accidentally deleted it on my work PC, can't get it back til this evening  bad pic anyhow
Should I stay up late to get work done or should I get up way too early tomorrow? Having a hard time keeping focused at the moment. 
I'm getting a bit pissed off with being so damn knackered after work.. I only did 9 hours today, and it's kicked the stuffing out of me 
@YumiYoko well i guess we are in the some boat. i dont hava life i work work work im only off 4days a month  
At work  can't wait for the beach tonight
Late to dinner... And def could have stayed a couple more hours at work. Too much to do 
To-do: work, target, shower, retainer, drawing, edit videos. And that's the rest of my day! Boringgg. 
out of work for 2 weeks with my dodgy broken neck!! 
I did get a nasty surprise when I noticed the proper time  It's only 5 hours until I need to get up for work. .. http://tinyurl.com/m7k489
is overwhelmed with work and emotionally stressed out  i'm not a happy camper these days
@panda921 I m jealous... u got to go to the beach on weekday while I am at work!! 
is thinking that I might actually go to bed early tonight...after some laundry,dishes,a little work..by that time it will be late I guess 
Just got woken up from her pre-work nap!!   aMbEr
@its_me_michelle is it true you have work all this week? 
Videos aside,work now! Running out of time! 
Finally going home from work. 12 hours later. 
work in the morning, then the long drive to evansville. the rental doesn't have satellite radio this time!  how lame.
is relaxing at home, no more days off!  about a week &amp; a half of work ahead of me
16 hours at work yesterday... going to go pass out now.  Allergies now trying to make my head explode 
cold this morning.. need to get lots of work done but really want to be sleeping in my bed 
less than five hours sleep. work now. 
@3heelshigh Actually I am hardly working types so all the work i didnt do in last one month is on my plate suddenly 
just woke up and has work in less than 2 hours... y does it feel like monday?? 
getting ready for work  i only got 4 hours sleep last night and have to now get 2 buses to work :'(
A slow night at work 
@missple ahha well you are too! @DJARMPIT yeah, too bad i didn't turn it in on time, and he excepts no late work  i suck!!!
morningg, just woke up have to work in one hour, absolutly not in the mood for work from 11 till 6 
I sit at work and outside, the sun shines ----- I will have spare time 
At work  !! Another 9 hours to go
needs to go and get ready for work  the weekend needs to hurry up !!
back at work after blissful days off.. booooooooo 
3 weeks left till i quit work and run pavement full time! scary 
Instead I have heavy eyelids, 8 more hours of work and a headache. 
Getting ready for work, not really lokking forward to working all night 
Getting ready for work, not really looking forward to working all night 
does not like the fact that her holidays started with work for the first 5 days 
good morning. i want to go back to bed. butttttt it is time for work 
I'm off to work, be back around 11pm  I hate long work days
I got peed on at work last night. 
Up and time to get ready for work already  http://myloc.me/5zxe
known not to try to treat it until after the antibiotics had done their thing...I'm in agony, been off work for 2 days with it 
@mattstevensloop - Unfortunately, I'm at work (spend most of my time here, these days)- no audio. 
work for 8 hours then competency for 2.  wish i could just repeat yesterday instead.
almost time for work 
half sleep. oh to try n hang out to have work the nxt morning. sucksss 
turned off txt notifications as its slowing my phone   will turn on after work/during play time
at work on the lunch break...5 hours still 2 go before I get 2 play in the sun 
@ayumi_rollan He was at work that time. Then, he never came.  he arrived so late na. :| then he said, He thought i was just kidding. :|
is sick of being in work on nice days 
@johncpiercy Oops; none of those work for me, as I am back at work next week and out of town for weekend 
overslept for work  I was supposed to be up two hours ago.
i wish i cud cry...fall upon my knees....find a way to lie...  all because my whole work of last week was logically flawed!!
@josemalonso like work and time, mail expands to fill the space available 
Just had a 20 minutes power nap, uhhh work time 
@slow3 i have a yoga event tonight  Also I can't figure out how direct messages work...
Off 2 work. Y do days off go so quick 
thinks I need to get ready for work  I pray these next 8 hours fly by!! X-( http://plurk.com/p/13w2qf
lame work for 7 hours!! 
Ah, beautiful. 9 hours of work await me  ... :'( ...
@sportsbroad that's always good! I wish I could say the same haha, I'm stuck at work for 3 more hours! 
Why am I laying in bed tweeting when I have to leave for work in fifteen minutes? I just want to sleeeeep 
Getting ready for work. Vacation ends at 1pm   this summer is going to fly by.
I think I should start on my summer work 
depressed at home thinking about the long days work ive got tommorrow 
I miss the days when work used to be soo fun and relax 
good morning; getting ready for work. then off to worrk. and after that i have softball. even though i can't do anything because my hand 
@ work for another 6 hours 
I've never been so sad to leave work! I won't see my boss for a month and a half!!!!! 
2 hours to rest in my house and of return to the work! 
@JapanNewbie woohoo I'm all for slack time.. I'm goin crazy at work 
just an hour and 25mins left of work and then jo and i are hitting the gym 
You'd think the supermarket would be emptier in the morning... not. At least traffic was lighter by the time I left for work 
yay no work todayyy   but working for the rest of the week  lol
after work happy hour 
@UncleZeiv so where is the point ? increasing your efforts till work reaches free time again ? 
doing a crossword at work..i love days like this 
back from work, time for a bike ride 
@thekatwalker I used to have an explorer, ran out of gas a few times  (college) I left work about 10:30 last night
trying to find time in all my internet roaming to get a little work done 
Trying to learn C++ and do maths and english work at the same time.. Who sed men cant multitask 
off shopping and not going to think about work for at least 24 hours 
- Catching up on some work! looking forward to going out 2night 
Almost off work!  I have to help a friend set up a new computer then i'm off for the weekend. 
Is prepin' for 420 festival tonight...and I got to leave work an hour early! They love me after all! 
only 2 more hours left of work 
@banerji1 Actually ive been off work for 2 hours  thanks though!
In work and in spare time 
@designui I hope you get some time off now - after all, it was work 
@wmkim thanks! it's been pretty here! i've been at work both days so i couldn't enjoy every second of it, but at least there was sunset. 
I had 2.5 hours of sleep last night, and I was late for work, but I did win some money last night 
has got a meggggaaaa load of work to do :\ ugh! back to sixth form tomorrowwww after a good 2 week off 
@cerag, i know what you mean! im usually in that boat! i, however, got 8 hours. woowoo. see you at work. 
Just had dinner... just 2 hours of work left... 
good  night everyone! another work week ahead. 
picked up a couple hours at work today. whoo hooo. 
I love Sundays!  hanging out and doing some work before chapter tonight!
Off work and time to work on my essay 
well, that was an unexpectedly delightful evening. @glory did stellar work, as always. 
@joshtastic1 work is slightly more busy than last week but still boring 
counting down to friday! loving the sunshine! hating being in work! 
A little later than usual, may a work filled week begin... hopefully with good results 
is looking forward to another short week at work 
enough fun for now...time to do some work!  
@weak sweet! I hope our hours of work helped in some way 
@Mealzh good luck with the awards. It will be a fantastic night. All your hard work will pay off 
We are hard at work for this years fest... hope to announce some more lineup this week 
@how_sublime I realized that when they played it last night  When u off work if u decide to skip?
Today is beautiful! I'm going to take advantage of the time I have before work 
@emilybecit  it's just super annoying.  if you want to come over after work this week and get the spearmint gum, you can. 
@ work can't wait to get off 2 more hours wwooooohhooooo lol wats up my twiggaz  
I met some cute kids this weekend.  @gregorybayne, @cbrusse, @mmmBrie, you do good work. 
back at work after a week long break.. 
off to work ! only 2 more days of work for me  
time flies when you're busy doing office work.. 
just had a nice brunch now it's time for work 
has to get up early for volunteer work - night friends 
up for work again..just thinking 3 days off next week..plus going out 2moro nite,getting drunkety drunk...bring on the sambuca shots. 
@marieiris Chillig out at the moment after heavy 2 weeks at work. All completed last evening  You have plans?
@StaciJShelton we'll talk another time, I am grateful for your support &amp; want to find out more about you and your work.. 
is looking forward to leaving work in eight minutes whoop whoop 
work time. pleae tag my photos. 
I &lt;3 saturdays  back from rehearsal, cathching up on some work from this week, then a nap to recover from last night... then hair appt @3
getting ready for work, then enjoying my next 2 days off 
I think @annagabbert is just asking to get some extra proposal work next week 
@psychomule great minds...  next time, don't delete, just start new and save the old work. You never know what u might find later.
Yay home from work.. that's the best part of my work days.. 
i just tried to teach my 10 month old cusn how to catch a football, didnt work. but i did get him to say banana 
@Labyr1nth you should do that at work, its not what a nice weekend is for 
work is over now. time for booze and then sleepies 
finished work on time 
Now, its time for some post show Monsters at work. And I feel fine.  even with this headache.
Is looking forward to her last week at work 
getting off of work in 20 minutes 
On shift in the library, turned up on time today  It's weird working for the university it's like I'm paying myself.
counting the minutes to get off work 
getting ready to watch some movies then head to bed gotta work tomorrow. 1 more week of work then i'm off for a week  Yippeee
ready for a nice relaxing week! No school and no work! 
I'm off for now. going to wake up super early to get my work out on.   I've been craving gym time all weekend. ha!
Morning all - now at work, client in within a hour.. I wonder 
@ work.. This week some new instrumentals.. stay updated 
mondays agenda: last class/final of the semester, work, sorority meeting, happy hour. 
@cindeelean I wake up at 4:30 during the week - and funny, Deathcab makes me think of you!  (&amp; I use your calendar to track work hours)
short work week for me 
finally feel back into swing of things here at work after getting married last week! sigh of relief for no more wedding planning! 
@snookca I find mondays are the busiest days. I come into work, and there are 100 things to do cause the boss works weekends. 
at work......thinking about the rest of my finals...summer almost here 
nice night  bed time; work from 4:30-8:45 tomorrow
http://twitpic.com/4ws3m - I love family guy  2 hours of work to go..
unfortunately people at work let me down so I am now having a bad morning! it's official... but revenge is a dish best served cold 
about to leave work to go home tonight was a good night I love my profession 
whoopie pies can be shipped anywhere.  We have them sent to us at work once or twice a year 
@princesssuperc you killed it last night .. keep up the good work 
Mentally preparing herself for the work week ahead 
good morning twitterland  very tired but time to get up and get ready  back at school though which kinda sucks work experience was epic!
3:00am - 1hr past my bedtime - just finished work on client job - now i can sleep 
here I am..... at work... music time me thinks  how are you all
in work drinking hotchocolate and wondering wot to do at the weekend 
@stephanebiz We have work for you for the next 7 years 
has 2 more days of work before classes 
i havent work up early to work out in a long time...but it felt good 
is getting totally jacked up on weak (and blah) office coffee.  30 more work days 
BDupis at work @teamdell - ugh. ready for the weekend 
@ImInLoveWithMJ im good i had great time hang out with my 2 girl friends last night.  thank you how are you? are you at work?
I've been trying 2 work out what I want 2 knit 4 a few days now and now know why I'm indecisive, I want 2 sew myself a skirt.  
emilys was sick. had an epic night  gay work now.
hmmm... at office in the weekend... got to finish off some work 
have in tasks queue many translations to do, sounds nice and no busy week 
@Inunekko yep but it's ok.. i have 6 months to chill and look for work 
oooh, work in two hours.. theres something very sucky about working the entire weekend.. it happens, at least the sun is shining 
if off of work for four days in a row. That means a lot of writing, watching soaps, &amp; FarmTown 
@dutchbboy work was annoying.. just got bk from me dads, stayed there last night 
@bellaseradesign you are soooo right!! 10 minutes of work at a time is just too much!! 
I wish mY boss would on his days off forget about work then we he would come in he could be less abrasive 
going to do what i love...  work time 
knocked out church, breakfast &amp; work. now off to study then workout. if i'm lucky i'll fit a little night swimming in 
@TrinityAnderson i just came from work, its almost 12pm. getting sleepy..and trying to get use to twitter and make friends..like you  
is getting ready for work. Another exciting night... 
@WifeyHeather woohoo fob in 4 months  be safe at work!!!!
At work..only four more hours left!! 
Leaving work on time is excellent 
back at work. but only for 3 days. yaay! 
recovering from busy weekend @ work 
out sales meeting finally and ready for a hard days work after a hard weekend party 
At work, then spending the afternoon in the city with a friend 
Just got home from work! It was a nice day to start work! The nice people and the nice workload!  *no, I'm not being sarcastic*
@Saaamm @KaylaBall we shouldddddd, all my exams are over june 22nd but then i have work experience but i have a load of free time 
has a week off work  bliss!
@designthinkers as if your last days were no work for you... 
Tired in work this morning. One delivery done. Another to go. At least it's money 
@itsmejlee well i am &quot;twonscell&quot; on my phone. just know when at work i suck and leave for chunks of time to, ya know, work 
Only joking!  It's nearly finished. It's the paper accompanying the lecture I gave last week, so the 'real work' has already been done...
really missed not walking my miles over the weekend, just got in an early morning  3 mile fix lol, time to get ready for work.. 
@beardoctor I shall listen to the music from home this evening - it's all blocked here at work! But thank you for the thought 
@pixies_mum aye me too but these days needs must. Lol least I'm not at work 
This was probably one of the best weekends I've had in a while.  All things good have to come to an end, though. I'm at work to prove it.
At work and can't wait for the weekend to start . 
my teachers birfday... so no work, partayy time 
 back to hotel. time to start work 
At work and looks like it might actually be a good night. 
tired at work after 4 hours of sleep!!loving the weather though,so sunny and warm 
@amysav83 i'm very well thanks, cuppa tea in hand, have a little time before i leave for work. how are you? 
done with work this week.. got the weekend off YAY 
thinks his 12 page research paper just got owned.  not bad for 3.5 hours of work.
is off work for the next 10 days.  Gerrrrrin. 
officially loves fridays again.  first work week: check!!  will stay home and rest first. anyway, enjoy macau @patgeee 
@LucyJFreeman gym before work? You're mental! Mornings are designed for sleeping as long as possible before having to get up!! 
morning all  getting ready for work! then gonna inquire about a flat  might be getting my own place .. :O
I think I am doing some work.I listed this last night  http://bit.ly/12cnKo
is done with most of his work...time to relax 
yaay. work over for the week 
Right, got to get a bunch of work done before my afternoon off - catcha laters 
Nothing beats a hug first thing in the morning at work.     
The sun is out and no work for 4 days 
@amarazzi  work time fun ;)
Counting down the last hour of work!!! WEEKEND YAY 
At work just waiting for quitting time 
and so while mostly everybody is likely winding down for the weekend I really must go and get ready for work I start at 3 happy tweeting 
3 hours to go hopefully, then going for drinkie after work 
Just having a brew at work and a tangerine at the moment, you have got to stay healthy in this line of work! 2 hours to the weekend 
got loads'a work done today  finished making notes on my exam in 2 weeks time. Who ricks? i do 
Finishing up some work, getting super pumped for the weekend! 
@iluvith because of work?  i love the weekend because it will consist of; eating, sleeping, making that money. 
at work and looking forward to the long weekend  
at work... looking forward to this weekend at the beach 
If I don't find a job in two weeks I've decided to do full time volunteer work. With mentally challenged children. 
is off to bed.. .gotta work in the morning .. 4 days off sure was nice 
morning, morning.. catch up on all work &amp; reading, since i am not online all the time &amp; #multitask is my new #feature 
Duuuude I don't think there is any more work for me to do the entire year 
Finally finished a 13 hour shift at work, off for a run with @AndyColourbase then bed and my last shift tonight before 7 days off 
@DTwyman91 To be fair, this week is half term.  Even if you weren't on study leave you wouldn't be doing any work 
about an 1 hour of work left - then swimming 
I'm starting full time this week at work. blah. Yay for big organization projects! lol 
no work tomorrow   doing whatever I want for the next 24 hours...
45 more minutes of work; then its my weekend!!! 
worked an extra hour and a half @ work and i'm pooped. goodnight twitter 
Two more hours of work...and is almost friday 
FOUR more days until my vacation from work! I don't care where I go, or what I do so long as I'm away from my job.  #fb
@FaeryQueen07 3 hours left of work 
@cyanida wow, twittering at work? nice  u are the person who updates by minutes XDXD
Home from work and looking forward to a week off.  
I was approved for my transfer for work. Its offcial, ill be moving and starting my life over in two weeks. T-town here I come!!! 
back at work... a little bit pissed, but preparing to hit the pub again in exactly 12 minutes.... worked a total of one hour today... 
