Most common words for this cluster:
[('world', 1132), ('twitter', 37), ('today', 34), ('people', 32), ('http', 32), ('person', 27), ('morning', 26), ('com', 25), ('lol', 25), ('time', 22), ('day', 22), ('end', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'world', 0.9208576679229736), (u'globe', 0.630896270275116), (u'theworld', 0.6124453544616699), (u'country', 0.5907353758811951), (u'continent', 0.582511305809021), (u'worlds', 0.5540735125541687), (u'planet', 0.5461336374282837), (u'nation', 0.5461225509643555), (u'world\xe2_\u20ac_\u2122', 0.5409485697746277), (u'JELENA_JANKOVIC_Yeah', 0.5258014798164368)]





This is the best leather sofa in the world!  It's in the office though which means I'm still here working 
atekinzz, where in the world are you?? 
Somewhere in the world right now the sun is shining and people are busy...but not here 
My boyfriend means the world to me but he just doesn't seem to see it ....muchless understand 
@francesdath not bad, transitioning, being visited by many globe wandering gypsy queers at the moment... but you are missing 
Whats up with the world? why do ppl decide to shoot others?  watching the news is so depressing
@BonjourVous yeah I know  ... sometimes I feel like the world its coming down
exploring the world of twitter... going to town in a bit. don't want to. 
is wondering if she smells? Why else would her two best friends in the world leave her 
This world sucks 
There is 1 less squirrel in the world now... 
trying to wake up while checking my email before going to work while the rest of the world (and my husband) is still in bed!! 
The world is gray. I am depressed 
twitter will never conquer the social networking world if it goes 'over capacity' all the time 
@latinluvly aww why not??  They r the cutest things in the world so easy to love them n they love u back so much (sniffles)
All my places of solitude on line are being taken over by a stalker  Is nothing in my world to be sacred anymore?!
i have the biggest headache in the world 
I'm on the world wide web searching for real estate, and there is way too much that I'm seeing and not enough that I'm liking 
I don't understand why some of the best people in the world are thrown to the ground by evil... I wish life was fair to all who are good 
@veneziana And my stream starting working. The world is a bad place 
@GroovyTGoddess  There are too many idiots in the world, that's for sure.
I am alone in this world 
id give tha world to have my baby back 
I'm feeling pretty annoyed with the world at the mo... I was robbed of my beautiful pretty bike... 
has just woken up yet still feels tired, and feels somehow as if no one likes him anymore and that the whole world is out to get him. 
@Professoryard  @ratbanjos the world is a more dangerous place 
Now I have to leave the movie and work  I'm not fond of modern world.. at all
u and me = different world.. I wonder how would our heart become one.. 
how am i gonna make it in this world voice of an angel but no one to listen..   so sad aint it but im akeep tryin
@duplicatekey youtube hates the third world 
I'm thinking that the world is soooo unfair... and I'm sure some of you think the same as me 
@psychocha my slr is dead to the world now. my uncle broke it. then tried to fix it. then made it worse  so now it cannot be fixed.
At the airport......heading back to the real world 
hates extended essay more than anything in the world right now   
can't play world tour  dam cymbal
is feeling like the world is on top of her 
@LocoForLomo i saw it on the 10th. i kinda rocked my world! but mitchel was only in one scene which made me a little upset 
i want to go back to disney world 
@ShortUsername oh how I miss you on this big bold world 
back to the real world 
I wish I could afford everything in the world 
@jenciTN What's this world coming too, even our children are not safe 
@kurruptt aahh man the world will never kno 
I wish i didnt have to go take this world geo test  i probably should havd studied more....
@VanessaHudgens why are you no longer twitting in the twitter world?! 
On the way to school, missing world of warcraft   
Morning world!! The suns shining again. Another great day to be fucking working indoors. 
It's not fair that world have different time zone  I have no one to talk with 
I am not having the best friday in the world... 
what wrong with me? i should be the happiest person in the world right now, but I'm not  i have nothing to complain soooo wtf?
has lost his tickets to amusement and to have-fun world.... 
 I wish there wasn't any bad in this world....  I don't know how much more I can take before I break.
been feeling far away from internet world lately. 
why is the world so dark to me? I need to get out of here, i need some change, i need new faces and new sights! this is an S. O. S 
@Rabies I've forgotten what 'friends' and 'being in the world' are 
@ahsan it is true. very unfortunate that happiness is a hard thing for many people in this world.  even children.
thinking leaves only me suffering. but it's ok, I would rather be tied by the truth than to live in a lie. i hate the adult world. 
had a great birthday... but didn't hear from the person that means the world to her... i hope he's okay. 
@tourcrush I can't go on the wonderful world of tourcrush on a hiptop 
@error505 welcome to my world 
@hindmezaina than ks but that wasn't what i was looking for, need that button where you see what the world right now randomly wrote. 
I can sense an incoming fever...and I'm here at one of the most chillin' places in the world. Sucks! 
Our world is a cruel, nasty place  http://tinyurl.com/c3zkke
can't find lumix lx3's in stock anywhere in the world. 
I'm at a work meeting and all of my best friends are at sea world riding manta 
I wish I was part of miley world but I'm not  
@Thatkidkevin what in the world is wrong with us???  now I'm really sad! How can we fix it?
@gauntletwrites why do you hate the world? 
@leesasaur understatement of the world! boys are huge let downs. we should have this embeded in our heads already  im sorry to hear this
@justjuniper i live in both worlds unfortunately  don't we all? boo to that! lol
i can't begin to describe how irritating the badly mimed go on way too long vodafone 'if i ruled the world' adverts are 
@mikeyway GPS's are screwing the world.. killing the fun of travelling, and never knowing how to get to the backends of nowhere. 
I broke my toe .. i think  I must be the luckiest girl in the world ..
shares http://tinyurl.com/dnmyza h1n1 cases over the world..  http://plurk.com/p/rk25j
I thing I may be the most impatient person in the world. 
Up way to early sleep is calling my name.!  What in the world would i do if i didnt have my lil Honie'B?? e.s.t. 12/12/08
is sick and wants to hide from the world 
back to real world 
Needs a donation of a PC as mines broke and missing the imba world of warcraft like mad 
downloading the new limewire.. i miss world of warcraft 
@MszTHiCKNESZ I feel disconnected from the world.. 
has all the patience in the world. I deserve to have an award... 
losing the remote has to be one of those most frustrating things in the world!!! 
@boshemia It's a silly, silly world really. It's really sad how so many can have such prejudiced, closed minded ways of seeing the world 
I can promise that by the time that we get through, the world would never ever be the same ? *@Ksero abrazo 
@ChicagoRose @ConnieCuervo  i dont have ichat and the rest of the world does
boston globe shut down. 
@prateekgupta They hated me already, so I thought may be online world would be a bit different, but....   @crazytwism @CruciFire @radha_
Ugh--drunken insomnia has got to be the worst feeling in the world. 
i've woken up with the biggest earache in the world. not fun 
so tired. the world is a different (not happy) place when i'm this tired. 
aw man back to the real world 
@hulkling YES! And some of them are the main playable character!!! What's this world coming to? 
@BrookeWUHU  I've been secluded in the library all day! What's going on in the gossip world? I hope he doesn't change. I like him for him!
feels like here world is crashing down. 
i need to do real world things today like laundry and food shopping 
Really stressing over finding a house  Then I think about the world and realise how lucky I am to even have a choice and opportunity...
i want my favourite person in the world to call me 
@anarcheological they do call it the worlds oldest profession 
@eocean  it's a cruel world
Misses being a little girl... Not having to deal with bills, and the grown up world 
can't believe twitter's number one trending topic is robert pattinson.. o.o &amp; here i am, expecting for a current world event or the like 
I don't know why but for some reason, the world seems to be less geeky lately and that makes me sad 
@likeamovie idk if travis would like to fly across the world 
@IcarusWingz i enjoy a dabble in the world of rival schools every now and then. they werent that good at leeds a few years ago though 
ap world test. ughh 
@lizziedr I agree.  That's not a world tour.
@stevendelman I got all the timeeeeee in the world to make you mineeee. (time you could have used to sleep.    )
is fed up of feeling like she if fighting the world for a little piece of happiness 
That waas the worst fucking sleep in the world 
Morning world. I'm mega tired today and tummy is upset. I'm also mourning the loss of my computer 
i miss the outside world! 
....or wandering off somewhere else, but there's no place interesting to go.  The world never seemed so small 
@huw_james hugh is on twitter! you have le best job in the world 
@mcdaigle the world just doesn't appreciate spontaneity anymore. 
no flea market  wally world?
this is so fucked, I can't even sleep. and it's my favorite thing to do in the whole world 
imagine, a world without poptarts 
i just told my co-workers that that the end of the world would come by a massive zombie outbrake. they laughed.  fml
@MandyPandy32 World and his wife appears to want blood tests this morning ... We may have quite a wait  x
@HoptonHouseBnB I heard her whilst driving in the car, I thought she was unique too, she only sees the world through her own eyes 
i have to go back to the real world today 
i'm sick  so sad twitter world. i was due for it anyway.
summer's so close to being here! except sometimes the world has a sad way of reminding us what we'll be missing 
@thebiggerlights just left  I really hate that my friends are scattered everywhere and touring the world and no where near me..lame
doing my homeworks, in the evening study :s sometimes... i hate my life  but when i see that i have the Bests Friends in the World...
I hate nights like this.... makes me think I'm the biggest loser in the world 
goodbye cruel world  *tear*
I wish I'm living in fairytale world 
hates throwing up more than anything in the entire world. 
@TomDavenport amazing isn't it?!don't finish making world 3 puzzle before you get the star like I did  hint: the corners!
@awh54 welcome to my world 
might have to start hiding his sodding moisturizer now. What's this world coming to? 
@ocanadesign No kidding! The bad part is, most of that work seems to get completed in 3rd world countries where $35 isn't so bad. 
bleh i feel sick  my world is literally spinning!!
@Ilanala  the world does not revolve around spock/uhura?
I hate the world today 
back to the real world. 
Wtf is going on in my world? I'm so lost... I feel like someone spun me and let me go in a forest... where's my guidance star? 
Morning World, pretty horrible weather today 
Why must the world spin so fast? Woooooozy  #illness
I killed the biggest spider in the world hanging above my bed wtf budd 
ahh..boy meets world..why doesnt it show anymore 
Wth gummie you invite the world to go see up in 3D and you don't invite me!? Lol im so hurt 
@zenithus at least you have a next year  into the big wide world for me!
@JamesScholes Yes. We have a copyright exemption we're apparently trying to ensure the rest of the world doesn't have.  #sccr18
i hate the biatches of this world 
G'night world. Vacations have to end some day. 
@charchaos how come  its for us now to win ms twitter world.is it not working for you ?
http://twitpic.com/676hz - It's raining  so chocolate world it is !
I dont know how in the world this thing works 
The beer buzz is almost gone.. The world has become complicated again 
I sometimes feel like the only person in the world without an iphone 
Just finished taking world geograhy final!!! I think I did bad!!!! 
This world makes me sad 
... And, I was the only person who stood up for them. The world is full if spineless cunts. This makes me sad 
best show of my life. mcfly rocks my world  i wanna meet you guys ;;
In what world does strike 3 mean run to first base 
Oh and tenju.. I was kind of upset  There were so many couples there.. it's a lonely world for me!
I'm not saying I'm the most interesting person in the world -but why is it that bots/spam not awesomely cool ppl (like urself) follow me? 
Wondering  why in the hell would  the school allow a  boy to run for prom queen!!!What is the World coming to 
i hate fighting with the person that is my entire world. 
vou dormir ouvindo my little corner of the world 
@johncmayer i am the most jealous person in the world right now!! i love and miss japan 
@Kaatje_68 lol really?! But it was on the discovery channel and everything! What a world this has come to 
@nickmaccarron I cant wait til you are here. It means the world that you are helping me through this 
@innloon3y yea he better use this break to rest, the best player in the world is getting older 
is the worst sister in the world!  http://plurk.com/p/x55cv
thinks in this world, no one is fair.  http://plurk.com/p/x6af2
just dance, its all you can do when you feel like the worlds against you 
i just keep getting hurt  the world clearly doesnt want me to make it to 18.
Yesterday, the best cat in the world died. 
goodmorning twitter world. still sick  i probably won't tweet that much today...
@luigimasi Region locked handheld consoles? The world is doomed. 
Off to slave world... 
off to work.. goodbye lazy world! 
@andyclemmensen i &lt;3 you more than all the icecream in the world&amp; i cant belive elora denan ripped on you guys at the getaway plan  reply?
@colour_my_world no biggie, they happen! Haha. 
@Tribalspaceman the world is doomed indeed  just got a black one for me now.
my world is sucks without you ! 
i miss twittering.  soon i'mma going to be in touch with the world again!!
@lisalou123 idk when that will be  I'm cut off from the world the next month.
@mtolbert It's a cold world out there! I notice my hit on @ssayer didn't seem to make my feed. 
is ignoring the world now. why am i seeking comfort in all the wrong places? 
Best weather ever. And my parents are going to sea world... So lucky 
playing little people big world. even though i attempt to make one that looks like niran i never can 
This is the shittest thing in the world 
@the_macbean I wish the real world was as small as the internet world. 
 I guess all the finger-crossing in the world couldn't help her.
@doctorsweet  there are only so many fish jokes in the world, I wish there were more lol
my first try on omegle and i'm talking to the most boring man in the world 
@jenxstudios we're making the world idiot proof and breeding better idiots, pure darwinism and humanity #fail 
you mean more than anything in the world to me, why cant i just tell you that,? 
Bradly makes my world go round, but he's not around. 
the notebook, the best movie in the world, i cried so much 
@TheMakeupSnob I'm on the slowest comp in the entire world &amp; I'm trying to work, but I can't.  Guess that means I'll have to be lazy too!!
my world is crumbling..i can see it 
Oh pushing daisies I forgot how much I love you! Why does the world suck and have to cancel you!?! 
When I haven't been on the internet in a while, I feel like I get behind on what is going on in the world. I hate that feeling 
Gaaaaah I swear, homework is the worst thing in the whole world. And being me i left it alllll to the last minute. 
Enough fun and games, back to the real world for me 
Also: dear world, I wish I'd never met these girls 
@rebeccamezzino thats the world I interact in - if I turn it off I'm unproductive and can't earn a crust 
hehe....missed a lot in this world..(internet) huhu..i'm so busy this past few days.and will be very busy again.. 
so scared, i'm reading the end of the world on google, search &quot;2012, end of the world&quot;, it's absolutely scared  I'm only 18 years in 2012
money rule the world... and that's the problem 
right well enough time in the virtual world, housework to be donw 
@omgstephanie I think I am the only person in the world that doesn't like jamba 
My mom now knows how how to text  what is this world coming to??!!
Morning world 
Oh my goodness.  changeling is sooooo horrible! A true story too. This world is so messed up :'(
Going back to my least favorite place in the world 
@plaintruthiness This is disaster. I think the end of the world is here. 
why does high skool have to end.... and y so soon?? we're 2 young 2 leave.... some of us arent ready 2 go into the world 
Is it only people who follow me or the whole twitter world 
@m_nicholls its a sad world we live in when people cant say thank you 
@princessmiwi &quot;and it remains unreleased in the rest of the world.&quot;      
frustrated outta this world 
@awaltzforanight and half the tennis world's. 
We live in a sex orientated world. 
i am the worlds worst speller   *drool
has to get up early tomorrow thanks to the energy efficency man, he's coming round at half nine!! what's wrong with the world  tis redic
leads you to celebs mostly sad  world we live  
'Late at night when all the world is sleeping, I stay up and think of you.' 
@jesstar619208 @jtimberlake @britneyspears the world has suffered a loss because they would have had cute babies 
i just realized how much talent this world lost when health ledger died 
http://tinyurl.com/mcew4w - it is so horrible that this still occurs in the world 
is back in the world of greetingcardland, till lunchtime 
@baldreea Can I say &quot;miss you&quot; when I'm the one already halfway across the world?  I'm 11 hours ahead now!  
It is days like this that I feel like the world has disappeared. 
Watching the news this morning and thinking, if we had a moments silence 4 all the worlds violence, the world would b a quiet place. 
world history sucks. i wanna go home 
I dream he's still here, but I wake up to a world where he's farther than ever. 
brownout  oh third world
is back in the real world... no more rollercoasters or brownnosers. 
I am myself! (and this should b meaningless tautolgy but in today's world it ain't)     
Why, in this connected world we live in, we still don't have realtime tracking of every commercial plane?! 
rt @drebes Why, in this connected world we live in, we still don't have realtime tracking of every commercial plane?! 
Sometimes I wish @KennyLowe hadn't stolen all the brain cells in the world so I could have one 
@theDebbyRyan  yes. and they say that the world will end 2012  please reply
@mileycyrus Do you ever feel like replying? It means the world to me! 
wake up world!! ugh! i have a case of the mondays! 
goodnight world 
has less than 5 days til the movers come and my b-room isn't ready. Have u ever felt like the world is crashing down on u? Thats my life. 
Is saying goodbye to the best mother in the world!   
Who's there to save the hero... http://bit.ly/GEnZl  ...after she saves the world? 
Worstt day  so bored of world religions.
So im about to pee in a cup. Why cant we just take blood? Like seriously lol i thought we were moving up in the world? 
This world does not need more scary games 
@creydesign wonderful world isn't it? 
watching this movie reminded how dangerous this world can be 
is going into my fantasy world for a few hours. I wish i can stay there forever  its much nicer then realty
@iMiiitch  That is the sad world we live in.
@CheeseSwan like so many things in this world 
I luv this song. http://bit.ly/riC8u And I'm shocked that there is so much hate in this world 
@karlihenriquez wtf they r like 10 going on 25 not cool  very disturbing... What is this world coming to.
Someone broke the world.  
Also wishes that his world were solely composed of ponies that eat rainbows and poop butterflies 
what do you do when you're sad and the one you love is on the other side of the world?? 
@mandyva yeah and it's even more difficult being that their lives are shown to the world. It is sad 
I am the worst packer in the entire world... I keep putting it off because I hate it so much, but I have so much of it to do!! 
can't bear the world full of tragedies. 
@TeekDaFreekCxC yea i was disconnected from the world and it traumatized me 
I hate it when my kids are sick worst feeling in the world to know there's not much u can do 
@peridotwords  o no! how in the world did u end up there?
nighty night twitter world... waking up @ 4:15 a.m. i NEED that beach body again!!!! 
@drummer8907 i need it in black and white: mitchel's out. it's depressing me though. the world doesn't revolve around miley 
My world is falling apart as we speak. 
leaving the best place in the world 
For me, a kid dying in high school is the scariest/saddest/worst thing in the world.   
Sometimes I wish I could wish upon a star! And wish for peace in these world. 
@Silverlines - Indeed technology could have made our world lonelier 
@MyInnerJules I've been in my own little world today 
@AnnCurry In a world where war &amp; deliberate acts of hate take lives, accidents can seem also more cruel 
@mike_samson I don't think all the cache-clearing in the world is going to solve this problem. It's strictly on their end. 
when i had a wish i would wish me a better world for all of us  that makes me so sad . .. 
the twitter world doesn't want my embrace  @jlevantmusic
@excaliburca Sadly, many masses prefer virtual worlds to the real one 
@dougiemcfly could you not wait till you were back home in the uk to show the world. 
the closest ill ever get to traveling the world is probably google earth 
@thejohninc this is too much shock for 1 day! After singin the 360's praises, mine just died  is there any justice in the world
writing my song! Its for this guy who means the world to me...he'll just never know it. 
@daw69 its dub but my blockbuster doesn't have it  thx...I didn't think it was the best pic in the world
Hey World! umm.. I dont know how to add pictures.  Can anybody tell me how??
@TKay and guess what I work at wally world now boo 
@ednarheiner  I just might take you up on that one day. I would love to travel the world right now just dont have the funds 
@kimenf haha, another one bites the dust! i thought i was on top of the world with 168, and then @etarui beat me bad with 231 
panic switch - silversun pickups on channel V what has the world come to 
Morning world! 
goodnight world 
world's a very confused place... everthing on my desk seems confusing 
@cryothic @apetit the world has come to an end 
@lovegemmii it was about what would happen to the world if we dont take better care of it  but it had a positive ending at least.
@rebeccarenton naw whats wrong with the world? so sad 
@thubtenyeshe I was seperated from the internet one night and thought my world had caved in. 
wishes he was at the ukulele world congress 
feels oh so alone in the twitter world 
how goes it world? just in work  bad times
science will be the death of me!  screw caimbridge and puck the scientists of the world who think they are cool. because they are not
I Hate this World 
@mileycyrus why can't u be doing a world tour? 
bummer  @kplawver  Today will probably be light on the twittering. The real world (well, the work world) requires all my attention today.
says good morning world! I'm going to miss having free internet  http://plurk.com/p/y5jmn
@LOPchelle we're ridiculous arent we? *sniff sniff* ....now the world knows my kryptonite  its @madsoli3 &amp; the babies ...
@mileycyrus What the thing about miley world ?   can yoou get them from there  i dnt havee a membershipp 
Just been and voted. I always feel so awesome after voting, just so happy &amp; proud that I can. Wish the whole world could feel this way 
hollyoaks rocks my world! I hate pychology tho 
Oh damn, Rains mar T20 world cup inaguration 
feels really excluded from the outside world with NO internet at work!  
@amsical i think she's doing her own world tour isn't she, so i'm not sure she'll be there for november. 
@jedwilkes Sumtimes I feel like the world is choking me, and I forgot the safe word... 
@b_club How in the world are you? I miss you !  
how can i feel abandoned even when the world surrounds me? 
my father in law isn't doing too good. worst timing in the world for vic to be deployed right now. 
What do u do with a relative who thinks the world revolves around them? 
@myria101  No perusing the smutty world tonight?
@fffreda it was actually a boring world stage 
playing guitar hero world tour alone. 
How do I tell 18.5 she means the world to me, without making others feel inferior or wierd. 
@WatariGoro: I'm going crazy 4 them its insane seems like I'm a world away 
Morning world.... raining. 
When will Kindle became worldwide? 
It's saturday, almost 10am and I'm going to the university to do some experiments... The world sucks. 
the moon looks amazing right now! i had a blast on the dance floor, in my own lil world. besides that everything seems so pretentious. 
jesus christ. i actually must be the clumsiest person in the world!  x
i completly want to change ALL my life.. id like be another very different person and live totally in another place, country, world...... 
wtf is wrong with the nursing world? hmf.. 
@Tedthebear999 the world! tis crazyyyyyyyyyy. and it's also crazy that im off to waitrose now 
I feel like I'm the only person in the world who has to work Saturdays 
i hate a distance of each other countries in this world . i feel that i met my bestfriends, but its jst like a dreams. its not real  cuz
Never gone,never far in my heart is where you are...I miss you so much but I won't see you in this world 
i seem to be the only person in the world not going out tonight and it depresses me 
last night def took the edge off, back to the real world now  
Goodmorning. I'm sick and I'm going to sea world all yucky. 
quarantined from the outside world. 
Just gave a homeless guy food at a redlight and he cried.  It broke my heart! I wish I had the power to fix the world 
Wow my dreams continue to rock my world... In a bad way 
@DCBrent that the real world house is on 2000 S - that's my corner, going to be crazy 
@pennynash welcome to my world 
my world is crumbling...so is sofias &amp; her friend..what are we going to do 
@ejr44 I'm feeling pessimistic abt the world's futur also 
I never got my world back 
is wondering what happened to us? We used to be one, now we're worlds apart 
I have no internet. I feel cut off from the world. 
@trent_reznor In a perfect world, dickheads wouldn't be allowed internet access. Unfortunately, this isn't a perfect world. 
i hear que pasa closed and now im crying the best burritos in the world are gone 
I'm on the last letter for my a-z alphabet of world history. fyi: NOTHING starts with L. 
thinks the world is too much with us  http://plurk.com/p/yyzrc
i'm still stuffed from lunch. i have the worst metabolism in the world 
@xXmIxEdMoDeLXx sick people in the world boo that's all don't cry 
@StDAY There are 234920342390490324092 movies in the world and only one ME! 
@MrClickClick photolab in wally world 
I have the best mother in the whole world.. sad she is leaving tmw 
i wanna pre-order LVATT! yesh, but i'm like in the other side of the world? yeah other side, i checked the globe 
@ePandu no pain no gain, what to do man. It's a fucked up world outside 
darn. it seems that my fantastic plan for world domination by mysql privilege tables is not at all possible 
i am putting my bb in the fridge so it cant distract me  bye for now twitter world
@boburnham thesaurus world sale ended 
60 in qui in history ,  , there are one person in the world that think just like you
#f1 Rubens knows he has lost any chance of the world championship 
Just had a lot of tears..  Why is this world so unfair? @tubbyloo I love you, and will see you soon  I am too tall for economy class..
feeling really depressed, like the whole world is against me 
@MaikalX damn. what's happening to the world.  R.I.P
@LaurenELee I did a world wide tweet invite! Lol! U could have came! 
Any original themes for songs? Or are we stuck in a world of repitition? 
i may act like i have all the time in the world... but really, i don't...   
I wish that they still aired boy meets world on tv  i miss that show
wow that weekend was awesome. now back the real world 
Missing my world 
In this twitter world, i accidently found a special one to follow which i treasure him very much.Though he did not follow me back 
I'm sad  *enter the smallest violin in the world* http://bit.ly/vpDDk
@Moonflowerchild it literally makes me sick. why are there people like that in the world??? i just don't understand 
is finished college...........................................i dont wana go to the real world!!!!!  
@AlyxOwns so much for sea world 
is planning to steal a bank with @Jaimar . we need to go to the world tour 
@mileycyrus really, i don't know, but it's the worse in the world, 
@danadearmond I broke up with the world 4 years ago, and regret ever since. The world is colder when you try to return 
@danadearmond I broke up with the world 4 years ago, and regret it ever since. The world is colder when you try to return 
I'm back. I pretty sure I owe the world an apology. 
missing all my friends all over the world 
just got depressed because i am not going to the jb world tour 
Wow I can't imagine leaving everything I know behind me for 1 yr...I'd be traveling the world, but I won't be home.. 
I feel sick.  mmm gnite world. I hope my days works out.
duh. going back to makati  i'll miss the online world! AMP!
I feel like the worst baker in the history of the world 
for a change i am lost in twitter world today!! 
Feeling like I have the fussiest baby in the world 
http://twitpic.com/7g956 - the best girl in the world! miss her 
I would just like to inform the world that i still miss @ummgeri 
@Rheadieuk what has this world come to? 
is wondering why ppl waste so much food when the world is starving??? really really sad 
@maskedfool I got kicked out of ihearttvshows cause I don't post enough. I think my world has just ended. 
back from bonnaroo, real world starts tuesday 
why do i get the feeling the world and the people in it hate me 
@JessicaMcD alas... only for those of darker tones  tis such a unjust world we live in... (sigh)
yay spain won..!!!!! but india  got knocked out of the t20 world cup..  
It gets so old being a pro living in a world of noobs.  of course, we could die, but we ourselves are just so amazing that we're worth ...
hate to sleep as after a wink i'll be back to misery world 
Not feeling 100% today twitter world. 
Charity fund raising video for world hunger.  http://bit.ly/gee4m  
So sad  @dmoorepoetic said I will never use this stuff in the real world 
Just wanna let the twitter world know that @DatGurlRoxy likes to cheat on me 
It's back to the real world 
Ironing should be banned. Especially with the worlds worst iron 
@britneymd When I came into the world not only was I confused but wet and slimy 
feels like my whole world is crashing down. i would never hurt him. i dont know what to do to prove that 
Whats going down in the real world?And my cough is back. 
@stasia19 lmao I guess you'll have to face the world looking dirty  haha
i am not the stupidest persin in the world, that was so mean of her to say 
i had a nice distracting weekend... back to the real world 
@miguelstdancer SERIOUSLY? the world's lost 
Is in a world of pain right now   
One of my coworkers was preaching about how the end of the world was near. It reminded me of @greeneyedqtee, i miss her 
if you think that the world doesn't have a end .... see that people are helping to get it ... and i won't be a happy ever after ...   
as of wednesday it's potentially goodbye college... hello big bad world 
@nidiamazing all my friends are gone too    i miss the outside world
I feel really really sick, out of this world sick! 
i'm sad..  i can't continue this way.. i have to realize that my world is different and parallel.. and the realities collide..  i'm sadd
 just found out an old friend of mine was killed........mann what is the world coming to?
dear world, my blackberry crashed  help me out #squarespace
Awww!! I'm being ignored! Why does the world hate me?! 
@feltbeats ME!! but sadly i'm at the other side of the world! 
sigh. what is up with the world? its so. . . . .confusing. . . .i need comfort 
Ugh i think I just got in an epic world war 3 blow out w my dad I swear he thinks I'm still 18 sometimes. I hate it when he's mad at me 
someone stop the world....i wanna get off!!  
Feeing sad about all the opression in the world and all the people that only care about themselves 
http://bit.ly/des3k  twitter saves the world ? well, maybe not 
i miss playing mind games with people  . you just wait, world. you just wait...
really..? welcome to my world D: at least you had music.. :// when im bored as fuck i don't got sheeeet. 
You know the world is ending when.....all the smart water bottles are empty!!!!!!!!!!     
@clblack79 it's really scary that we actually have ppl like this in this world. It's really sad 
http://bit.ly/BgaYO  real world... 
@ciaomunch No, no, I don't mind being the most fabulous man in the world. I just wish it wasn't this one. 
wow!.  c r y i n g. cruel world.
zoned out 2 some dead Presidents while the world is on drakes dick. hip hop is truly dead 
@SeanPincombe welcome to my world 
Is the world is asleep 
This is a crazy, crazy world. It makes me sad. 
My world feels a little emptier already 
#haveyouever been scared cus someone tweeted the world would evaporate in 2012 
@annemjw  chin up, ma'amjw! the world is not all bleeding kittens and annoyingly inconvenient public transport timetables
goodnighttt world, i have to rise and shine early tomorrow 
@jayTOH lol no i was just dreaming. there is no such game in this world right now 
Aarrgghh my whole world is collapsing around me ! 
ugh i'm jealous of those who have the luxury of traveling around the world 
is the worst best friend in the world  i swear im the only one who hasnt seen emi yet 
@RikaRik no this time the world was ending. The sky turned red and there was yellow lightening  http://myloc.me/416L
; i hope mcfly come to canada ! i really do it would make my world - well guess i should get ready for school 
i dont think he realises how bad i want him there. It would mean the world to me. I wish he understood 
is finding it hard getting into the world of twitter 
the situation is so acidic that the world's supply of alkali doesn't neutralise it. 
@chaseswindler absolutely. welcome to my world 
Missing the outside world 
@NewMoneyZay that's my favorite movie in the whole wide world. What channel? Its almost gone off tho! 
@mattmorrell  - ate home   No use for it in the wild wonderful world of healthcare it.
Indian cricket team playing for pride today after being ousted from World cup; very disappointed 
49 outta 90 on ap world final 
The world is stupid!!  Everything today is!!!  
@skinnyribs too much grape makes me sluggy. today feels like the world stopped. don't no why. just not feeling any energy. 
@sfairbai we suck in the tweet world 
Just visited world famous dateland.... A little disappointed 
: I want to destroy the the world with giant dancing hippos. 
I have the worlds best boyfriend in the whole world. i cant belive i was such an idiot and lost him before  i love him and i know it
@aditya_thakur they have become the champions no one in the world will defend  except we die hard fans ...
is new to twitter and is sad to see that there are soooo many haters in the world 
@sdotspider LAME!!!! Lol if you killed the most amazing person in the world than I would be dead  LOL
I feel like the most selfish human being in the world right now 
@scriptamanet ew, worst of both worlds. 
sorest throat in the world 
If i lay here, if i just lay here, would you lie with me? and forget the world 
I have found the most beautiful shoes in the world. I want them so badly it hurts inside 
i lost my globe keychain... 
My world of warcrqaft account got hacked  waiting for everything to get fixed.
I'm eating cherries and watching world history idol on my bed..... 
only place in the world that serves vegetarian adobo has closed. i'm devastated 
@ddlovato not me  im on vacation on the other side of the world.. sad.
the world is so mean  http://bit.ly/9ZXYa
@Ms_NaeNae no  she jus mad @ the world right now
make tony and sean stop talking about world of warcraft 
Hey all the world, in the world of hollywodd are people and they are very bad so take care.... 
@tweet_tweet7 si! I would point at it too....  sadly enough... I wonder what this world is coming to sometimes.
@DevonMarie78 wow, immature much...the forum has become so hateful it's sad really  I like our little world
Seriously... what does it take to find a great guy in this messed up world? 
@shaaarriiix3 omgg i got a 89 for my final grade in world civ honors 
Twitters going f*c*ing nuts. Or is it the world?  Wow.
@AshieMikael  helllooooo  glad to hear from you i thought i was all by myself in this boring twitter world 
 i am hated by the world. the end.
don't want to grow up, want to stay in my own deluded and isolated world forever 
we live in a cruel cruel world  
@g0shortiexx if you died the world would be a sadder place 
Wonders why in the world am I wide awake now...ugh 
 If everyone in the world lived like me we would need 3.1 planets to support us.  http://tinyurl.com/lt4q4m
@petewentz... the whole world isn't asleep... unfortunately 
damn the problems in the world 
india did not make it to the t20 world cup finals 
guess am the only one in the entire world who can go wrong even in cooking maggi  (
@DavidAllenKoehn I think, the hole world is going back to retro! 
@cbrett It's a sad, sad world. 
http://twitpic.com/7m0qi - world's ugliest cast 
wonders if the whole world knows her cuz its viewable to the whole world -o yea I'm bored  http://plurk.com/p/11lbz3
 my grandfathe have a diabetes , i hate this world
@psibreaker It's prolly the end of the world...my boss just told me there's a big chance she's going to close the gallery... 
@AlexKayle Probably. They've been so nuke happy lately. A third world war would end life as we know it. 
Feels like going to discovery kingdom or water world today 
world war 3 on jimmy kimmel was amazing even tho it didn't tape all the way 
Being unloved by the person you love is the worst feeling in the world 
It feels like my world just died 
omg i have the hugest crush in the world for this guy, its scary how strongly i feel for him but he refuses 2 even talk 2 me 
What is the paradise? A world without pain 
Dealing w/ the worst pain in the world  I hate day 1 of this shit
@petewentz : not the whole world was asleep!  I was on my way to work 
In the real world random strangers don't love talking to you 
why cant videos be viewed all over the world 
Oh my god...world war one is unbelievably depressing and horrific. 
hates the world right now 
@ddlovato i wish i could come but your on the other side of the world  x
Pilates time! and then searching the world for my white tank.... 
@ddlovato i wish i could go, demi  if i lived there i wouldn't miss it for the world!
I feel everything coming to a close when really it's just the beginning, I'm just a little dae to be out in the real world 
#Iconfess i watch &quot;little people, big world&quot; just to chuckle to myself 
@littlelauren223 rawr. i'm in a fight with the world. and i'm still trying to figure out who's on my side.  you. emmy. yeah, that's it.
@Tremore why not share with the world your technological discovery? 
I fucking hit an all time low  I wanna leave but the world won't lt me go
Ahh im bored and lonely!  Where in the world is my cuddle buddy 
@karpadiem no but our little corner of the world mite not be as colorful 
@Erocc youtube it papa, I just saw it right now. Its the end of the world 
@twincy I think I am the only person in the world who thinks mangoes taste like feet. 
y was i brought to this world 
In a world of hurt with intestinal distress 
where in the world has @songzyuuup been...i miss my late night ustream dates 
@farazrabbani the problem is that i know deep down that i can always plug it back in, i need to seclude myself from the world to study 
@angelfisherjo I forget that you're on the other side of the world in a different time zone. It's so not fair. 
india was ruled out of twenty twenty world cup ? bad news , thought they had all the way to the final 
Headed out to make the world fatter.   
This is one of those painful moments when you realize the most perfect man in the world could never ever be yours 
What I'm watching in the local news made me realize that the world gets miserable everyday... 
Looking for events in the browser....instead of real world.... 
off to disney world. i hate long car rides 
Why is the world so fuckt up 
That's it  I just withdraw from the logo contest.. jeez I'm so sad over this.. I felt on top of the world, and now I feel stupid lolll
@kbatey, welcome to my world 
No grandpa for sea world 
goodmorning twitter world *; it's rainnning . 
I'm really sad that @SkaraProudmoore isn't coming up in searches properly.  How can I control the world when I can't get this right?
@babygirlparis the world is full us scamers 
@ZombieBoySam it's crazy isn't it. Cirlces are the suckiest shapes in the world 
really really bothered about 2012 end of the world sorta theories. not yet please, not yet 
I've decided I'm never email @susiesoo again, because she doesn't reply - even when it's the most important thing in the world ever 
@samitbasu world. wolrd. wrold. damn you, #novelrace, for frying my brains.....well, actually it''s my own fault 
@Mous_world Nothing spectacular about mine either... 
@Flaxhermit Right?  He was such a genius... think of all the music the world is missing out on... 
Goodmorning world! On my way to the office.sandwichless again 
lost in the world of prepayments and accruals 
@Omgkatie run around the world, sounds good to me, then I don't die.. that'd suck for me 
Today, more than ever, it feels like their are two types of people in this world. Those who own iphones and me. 
I would like the world to stop for a sec so I can get off.. 
It's a sad day for happiness.... in this craaaaaazy world...  &lt;/3
i miss having nerd friends that lived close that would go to the wizard's world convention with me  
Heading back to the world of no internet. 
@wrosenthal  What is the world coming to?
@mychealdaniel what in the world??? haha I want my phone so bad 
is not yet ready to face the world. Not until she sees her waxer and manicurista.  http://plurk.com/p/120710
OVEN TIME!! goodbye world 
my friends mean the world to me and i hate when they are going through a hard time.... 
wow if only they really knew then they would freak out and my world would turn upside down,its best they dont know 
I tried to be as fair as possible and respectful and honest today, and now it's starting a whole world of drama for the girls I love. 
The globe didn't open 
@wheresmars where in the world did you see ms. ota???! i misss her so much 
I am the most ridiculous person in the world! my heart literally just ached! 
Watching &quot;He's just not that into you&quot; and wishing the world wasn't so big and that he wasn't so far! 
#inaperfectworld I'd be with you...  but unfortunately, the world is not perfect....(damn! I'm a sapp)!
whole world abandoned me in msn 
@MegFerr dont leave me :'(!!!!!! in a perfect world we would be filtyh rich, and i wouldnt even need to work. i'll miss you 
I feel mad at dad right now cos suddenly i think of school. Is there any sadder world than mine? So sad... 
The only thing that scares me in this world are ur eating habits!   Lonelyandroid ):
wow, what a fair world we live in  http://tinyurl.com/nd23o9
nooooo Italy!!!!!  what happend to the world cup?!!!!
@I_enigma i completely understand -  shame the world is like that now
youre dissapointing me usa.. the world cup better not be like this. 
Morning world, still feel like poo! But going back to work today 
unbelievable sights, indescribable feeling. soaring, tumbling, freewheeling. through an endless sky, a whole new world ! a wondrous place 
One of the worse feelings in the world.....knowing u can't go &quot;home.&quot; 
@LiamMcKee i dunno, my world just seems to be all screwy. doesn't help that my memory hates me 
What in the world did I do? The font is so big suddenly.. 
I'm in this world alone unless I see your face. 
http://www.letmesign.com/respectme what's going on on this world? 
@TheRealJordin that probably won't happen 'cause I live on the other side of the world from where you're at. 
@TaraBonar You're gonna hate the entired world soon 
if i say i love him a thousand times it wud never enough i know there's no second chance in the world 
with all the diseases in the world. i hate flu the most 
@mumbleguy lmao no.. I'm scared of robots taking over the world  lol ^.^
The world doesn't like me 
@christopherbw why in the world didn't you send me the events? Are you and @LexyCheers trying to have fun without me? 
I am feeling like my whole world is crashing in around me!  
I'm not ready for tomorrow...to loose a friend, the world's so unfair....  
@peterfacinelli I thought it was a funny joke. The world is too serious. 
i'm becoming quite the gym rat. when did that happen? @ericdee i'm going to miss you halfway across the world 
i also ate worlds biggest bowl of ice cream in world record time 
@ashleytisdale wish we could come, buy we living in the other side of the world 
@jasonmitchener another good article. I sometimes find myself too wrapped up in the things of this world 
It's time to tell the world that I love @cloudsaredreams and that my hand is clean of him 
i just read an article about world hunger hitting 1B as I was sitting here comfortably eating cake. not a good feeling 
today in class we saw the world trade center movie i started to cry 
I hate to say this but sometimes I feel as though my peers feel entitled to the world when they've worked for nothing. 
Biggest headache in the world 
It kills me inside to watch him go away because we are from different worlds and backgrounds. 
http://twitpic.com/7uli1 - The world is over I have white hairs 
watching real world secrets revealed...almost cried when one of them was talking about their mom that died...  
My favoritist ring in the world just broke im extremely bummed 
goodmorning world, it's too early 
@SpellGirlSummer That's the problem with the internet...it brings people together from all over the world and doesn't let us go for tapas 
@kickette I'm sure tons of hearts were breaking around the world today. Including mine 
@nickjonas ooh  i think the world tour start in peru 
@Jerrrral wait, i might still go to water world. nooooo 
I feel like the worse person in the world 
ohmy, poor edmund. got stabbed  why in the world.
Morning world! I'm pissed off at the weather 
@mileycyrus I'm taking those as lyrics. but I have to say, the world and the humanity is slowly decomposing!  
has got the biggest hangover in the world...i only went out for 1! 
If mike doesnt get tweet's his world will surely end! 
@yewww if we lose we won't be the world no.1 anymore 
world is having more fun than me. 
@dannieannie not going  world tour's more important to me atm
@AndrewRatcliffe that's a common fear, I'm afraid dear  for englishmen, italians and everywhere in the world #iranelection
you listen so close..you talk it to your dawgs but you never talked to me since forever  i blew up the world i built.
Why?????? Why the best bands in world NEVER comes here, or near here....   
metrowalk is not a good venue for fete. the bars and genre stages are too small. can't get into the world music stage 
i am the worst driver in the world - actual 
@mrdpa the world hates me 
last day @ disney world 
wow! the world is sooo boring!! 
good morning world.  ew it's raining. 
how fast my world's just come crashing down 
@mattdoyle welcome to my world. 
@erynfreakincody im the saddest girl in the whole world 
my dinosaur ring that i got from dinosaur world sucks because it makes my fingers green... and i thought it was going to be my favorite 
Why can't I sleep longer! How cruel is this world 
i want to shake these old feelings away.  nights world
would like to blow a big raspberry at the world! Specifically computers 
feels insanely bored. shall sleep then. night world. and i'm hungry too. darn 
@jonaskevin awesome , I would love to follow you around the world , but sadly I can't 
@ddlovato  aw! feel better! or the world will go insane without your amazing,beautiful voice! (:
it almost drives me crazy that there is so much music in the world and i cant listen to all of it 
@ernmander what has occurred in the world to endure such terribly horrific things? very numbing 
::sigh:: sometimes i just wonder what im going to do now that my world got turned upside down literally a week ago 
@dantheshive you mean I can't get the world for free?    damn....
is really tryin to not think about it but its hard.......the world is too small for us not to see each other again..... 
@wearetheoceans ok  nite world
@nan_jones I wish I could say it was ...not in my world 
I wish I could be in the arms of my lover. But he is on the other side of the world 
the restaurant industry really opens your eyes to all the misery in the world. and that is sad.  id like to make it better for them all.
@PaulTTran that is terrible! So sorry  The world is a scary place.
@ohboyitsfatima i would be watching that, but people don't care and are playing guitar hero world tour 
I hate when it's too hot to hide from the world in my big comfy bed under the blankets 
the world is going crazy ... i guess now they gone too far to back down 
I have the most disgusting job in the world 
says bye in the virtual world for now, i got readings after readings. 
I'm working, I should be sleeping like the rest of the world 
@sandeewestgate Yes &amp; like your video says, it all comes down to ignorance! We humans are just not very nice to the world.. or ourselves! 
@CatieGurl why in the world were you crying??!?!?!? 
goodnight world.. exept i cant get to sleep 
where in the world is leah coughenour?  haha.
@rairaiaday No one in the world is watching 
not the happiest person right now. last time i'll ever see my favourite band in the world live.. and its over 
@sarakhh norway IS a part of the world! Some brothers just dont know it 
i wish i could see my dad today  i have the best one in the world
wonders where are the people in this world...  http://plurk.com/p/12q2d9
down, depressed, hating the world, wanting it to all end 
@ddlovato How I wish I could be there. I'd trade anything in the world to see you live.  I'll just pray for your voice. You'll do great.
Just be good people...the world always seems to have a shortage 
This is so not the easiest day in the world for me.  
The @Jonasbrothers world tour looks amazing! Wish I was going 
@Sophieeeeee_x ahh mann  that song is awesome! ive listened to it about 30 times no jokes your world is my world + my fight is your fight!
guys, i'm trying to get @ladygaga.  i really am.  it's just not clicking for me.  i just don't get the big d.  i'm sorry, world.  
We just adopted a tiger! Only 150 left in the world  http://bit.ly/12Fbfg
Last day of regular world history  kinda kuwawa, I liked that class...
jona and kate are officially getting divorced  the world is over
@davidgallant No internet is terrible! I feel so...disconnected from the world 
I don't understand the world.... I love u boy.. 
@theabyssgazes there is not enough I'm sorry in the world 
dont want to leave new york and go back to real world and face life 
: feels like the whole world has crashed down within a second, lovely 
is so afraid to let you go. but knowing that if I don't, I will loose you forever. This is the worst feeling the whole enitre world. 
*sigh* This feeling is the one feeling in the world that drives me completely insane 
@joliebelle did they officially call it quits? I wish the world would leave them alone so they can solve their problems 
scratch that.... they just filed for divorce TODAY.   what has this world come to?!?!   (
@Batamuriza bt then this is not a perfect world! 
so alone in the world... 
@DavidandLetty I don't see any type of health service across the world working that well these day 
@karawr also can't sleep here in my world 
i'm sick isn't that the coolest thing in the world... yay not really! 
REALLY?!?!?! I wish I had all the time in the world to do everything I wanted 
When I rule the world natural history tv programmes will be full of happiness and fluff ...I don't want to see unhappy fluffy creatures 
trying to get back into the computer savvy world... starting the jogging tomorrow. 
@bikasuishin I was more thinking of the day when we take over the world 
Just saw the most steroid happy bodybuilding woman in the world walking downtown. I wish I had her arms 
@jayhawkbabe  Maybe his spirit is with the point masses &amp; frictionless surfaces he could not  experience in the physical world. . .
@silviamarques welcome to my world 
my phones dead.  which mean I am cut off from the outside world. 
jon and kate are divorced  what in the world?!
bored! bummed i cant go to transformers  the world is going to end.
@aroundtheway apparently not all @TripleOs .. science world one had no clue. 
just wants all the puppies in the world to find good homes and not be sad and alone, tortured, or euthanized 
sending all the love i can find to the santullis today. this world can be so unjust. 
no fair. seems like just about everyone i know is about to take of jetsetting around the world. when's it my turn? 
If the world was planning on self destructing anytime soon...now would be a good time  Finals suckk 
@garrymunro Ive been wanting to send my sponsored children in Africa some books,but worldvision wont let me.I wrapped them and everything 
@alancthulhukid i wish someone would fly me out........... or it may never happen  the world will miss out.
good morning world. so tired 
night world... my sisters keeper... sad book  but addicting!
Haha sometimes celebs are so stuck in their world they don't appreciate their fans how lame is that 
Watching real world my time is running out 
@darrenclark1971 ...you know me and computers! i understand it works well for the rest of the world!! 
@rb1248 ok honestly...i didnt even know what this @ thing was... i feel soo old.. or out of touch with the world 
remember when los mariachi's and pizza shuttle were my two favorite, non-ghetto, places in the world?  me too 
Why in the world are tricksters thriving happily ... from one victim to another ... I was conned!  
@ChrisGedrim I have the tiredest eyes in the world 
Morning world! Where d sun gone 
what the f**king world! 
god the news is never good...it gets worse and worse...who would want to bring a chile into the world we are in now...such a shame! 
Why do I have so much paper in this paperless world  ?
Morning world! Going to be another scorcher, and im stuck in the office 
http://twitpic.com/8cvg7 - yum. my favorite chips in the world. i want some now! 
@jenfrahm I know, in a perfect non-work world I would... 
Why is it the whole friggin world can get on with twitter apart from me?????? 
U know the world is turning against u when it rains like this and u haven't had any coffe 
@afrocurl I was NOT. I was completely right. The one person in the world not to tell me about being there when I can't be and you had to. 
@trespassmag australia wouldn't be that bad for me too, but it's soo far away... world is unfair isn't  but still beautiful and fan!
wtf the whole worlds ignoring me. 
@boombaybay come back to the cyber world sooon 
The world is against me today. Even my hair doesn't want to do what I want it too 
@bobbythomas1 The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. 
I think my world is getting worst. what's happening? If I could just turn back the time that was so colorful and happy. 
off to the wonderful world of work! 
noooooo! @shanedawson changed his youtube channel to beta 2.0!!! beta 2.0 is taking over the world 
woooooow, what a fail. i missed the real world cancun, greeeeeaaaaaatttt 
I feel like watching every episode of boy meets world today. if only I had them 
is hoping there are still nice people in the world...they just dont live near me! 
I just realize that I am the stupidest person in the world. 
@eonline the world will surely miss her so much 
@vene2ia I know...what a crazy world! 
@triplejHack true off to the #startrekmovie world premiere soonish. enjoy talking about supa-fast interwebs with conroy 
be the change you wish to see in the world 
All the weight lost through healthy eating (slimming world) 
watching star world 
@Deroshairjtv actually the world will end at 12/12/12 @12:12am  so the movie must come out before then 
@camille0684 omg i found you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay i had no idea there were so many amaris's in the world 
the duel: road rules/ real world challenge looks goooooood 
@babycakessss when you know the twitter-world, you'll stick to it 
Surely enough personnel on there to prevent  a third world war 
@truejedi yeah... I guess the world needs a scapegoat. 
@JFLG then you, sir, are in for a world of fun 
is enjoying the twitter world 
is waiting to finally welcome this bambino to the world. 
@jonasbrothers well goodnight  continue rocking the world of all youre craziest fans! ??
has just joined the world of twitter 
@selenagomez you're the awesomest person in thw whole wide world!  ily
gdmorning twitter world! 
@biannagolodryga welcome to the twittering world 
Goodmorning world, i think i'm in for a beautiful, slightly hectic, amazing day. 
@SMeyerTwilight You're such an inspiration to many, and have opened up a world of bliss through your writings. 
@sinspired I'm so sorry, but that was my evil plan for world domination 
@eeqahjas sorry sister.. the only one in this world with both is me...  izzah is sooo lucky... 
@ddlovato It would mean the world to me if you said a simple hello 
@lorenbaker The world is close 
playing some call of duty world at war  
I do have the best boyfriend!! He's everything I ever wanted in a guy and he makes me feel like the world revolves around me 
stratch that. no zachy. there's mountain dew code red though, and all is right with the world. 
@motherthinker when the post modernists took overthr world 
prom was effing amazing. i have the sweetest boy in the world 
@ttaasshhaa lol! but if some dreams could be true, the world would be such an enjoyable place! what would you change about the world? 
sleeeppp disney world tomorrow 
@kreativlink ok I'm ready for world domination 
back to repeating the climb by hannah montana, i'm done repeating the world's greatest by r. kelly 
Goodmorning world 
@blurryclaire sure u can.. This is the world most easy to be explore mountain.. No special experience needed,just some training &amp; guts 
Morning twitter world 
@semir444 #asot400 no problem! trance around the world indeed 
good morning world 
@simplymallory pray for the world and all the people, please 
Oh, and the fact that I have the most incredible boyfriend in the world.    
why do  you come here? I come here to enjoy the world  
@NicLinkletter I just wanted to let you know no matter what - you mean the world to me too  &lt;3333
@mariagrineva one more proof of the small world phenomenon 
stoked about life   this world is wonderful, finally.
@jehan_ara I wonder if there's a single thing in the world on which we both fully agree? 
@tabbypotter I'm on the top of the world looking, down on creation *more lyrics * your loves put me on the top of the world 
@blogjunkie small world man.when she showed me the company website the other day i knew i've seen it somewhere before ! 
Watching world poker tour and playing sum halo wars with my boy @lateralus123 
@letdabigdawgeat welcome to the twitter world 
i am on twitter. welcome world 
Morning world. It's a beautiful day  Here's hoping for some pathetic fallacy
i have the best fiance in the world! 
All the ladies should watch out! All the ladies of the world 
enjoying the sunshine and travellin on the fastest bus in the world to anywhere 
haha alriteys! goodnite tweeter world! happy two years patricky star 
It's amazing to realise that the world goes round and round and nothing in human nature ever changes. Off to the beach. 
good morning  happy 4:20 stoners of the world.
have i told you i have the best husband in the whole wide world? 
@barkerbell Wow that website is great!  So much fun and helps world hunger too 
new to twitter world, thinking ob how to best use it 
Goodmorning world   I love you
good morning world 
good morning world 
BETTER   is amazed how two hours can make a world of difference !!!
@Helenathehippy my dear, not even in the cyber world do you have friends 
If there is one thing I try to do with my time in this world it's to try and bring a little light to peoples lives 
I feel that I should warn the world that I am feeling really quite good about myself. I am sexy and pretty much bad ass and unstoppable. 
wants to end world hunger 
was going to take over the world today but instead got a cream cake...yay 
@CyanideLacedTea i'll help u take over the world via the internet 
@kozza_ wouldn't have missed it for the world maaaang 
what in the world is tink?  
@deltabella no cookies in the world are good enough to be a fair trade 
i have the best girlfriend in the world 
wondering why this world is so fucked. Really have faith the youth today will assist in a better world  no pressure LOL
Joining the twitter world! 
feels like the luckiest girl in the world. 
There are so much to learn, and so much waiting to be explore......&quot;The world is a  playground&quot;, so true 
@dLiteDaily dont be playing with me now! i wouldnt want anything more in the world 
it slow, then you rock out the show, you get the best of of both worlds, mix it all together and you know you got the best of both worlds 
@isodorusweb I guess that shows the world that nuns have interesting lives 
Night world  party tmm text cell if  need :]
@JessicaSimpson i have to disagree..i think I have the best dad in the world 
gnightttt world 
There is more than enough technology in this world to keep us excited for the rest of our life.  
@cityguyyoga World domination then! 
@mydecemberht up above the world... something?? i forgot to lol 
@ppk is the only person in the world who loves testing browsers and writing documentation about compatibility issues 
has the best dad in the wholeeeee world 
feels like embracing the world of twitter more often than before 
@Rocmoney just at Sports World while I'm still doing my Alevels, minimum wage sucks too but it's money! 
@caitlindsmith that works for me our plan of world domination 
I love my other world 
@alliecine so you're telling me that I submitted for @hllywdemb's film ;) well sheesh... small world!! 
yoga makes the world go round 
Going out with my favorite people in the world today! 
@KPweb KPWEB the best forum of the world !! 
You get the beeeest of both worlds 
@myoptika  in an ideal world,everyone would have at least 2 xboxs each!
@brandingexpert If the world were even, I would so agree with you. 
first day in twitter world.. not completely sure what to do on here  goodnight world
talking to my bestedt friend on the world  then off to sleep
Finished my ap outline for world history come on Chonis you can do it!!! 
is wondering how the academic world would respond to a group scholarly paper created from Tweets. 
degrassi jr high is awesome, degrassi high is awesome, degrassi the next generation. lets have degrassi take over the world 
degrassi jr high is awesome. degrassi high is awesome. degrassi the next generation is awesome. lets have degrassi take over the world 
Just drove from charleston to rock hill   goodnight world 
@shondarhimes and thanks for the last episode ^^ All over the world, fangirl squeed/ almost cried  (like me)
@MrBenafactor insomniacs are some of the most successful ppl in the world when they use it to their advantage lol 
It's really a small world 
I'm listening Akcent-the best group in the world! 
http://sttnews.blogspot.com/ check the world table tennis championship! 
@selenagomez and it would mean the world for me! i think you're an amazing person and i follow your steps, you're a rollmodel for me! 
Wish I could have at least a friend in each country around the world.  I would love that!
@sala7ef I just share my depression with the world. does that make me a bad man? 
is going to sea world! 
@kikipotamus It is such a small world, Kelly 
its getting late, goodnight world 
Chanting for a better world 
trying to figure out how many people are necessary to start a revolution. I want to change the world 
i am stepping out into the real world for a little bit...i love being a hermit 
@mroesch If we were paying the bills, we'd all have more world wide interwebs than we have currently. 
is still trying to figure out the twitter world 
I am the luckiest girl in the world. 
@joeymcintyre glad to see you back on the world of twitter.  I missed you. 
@bdsexton ha ha very funny, I am just as plain and normal [possibly boring even] as the rest of the world 
@StDAY that would probably be the best feeling in this entire world. 
Sometimes being in love is the BEST feeling in the world! I love me some him!!! 
@andresflava welcome to my world 
is saying... she's got the bestest people in world in her life! 
Getting ready to sign off and go to sleep..goodnite world 
&lt;3 KoRn... You guys are champions of the world 
just signed up..so, hello twitter world, here I am 
good morning world 
has the greatest friends in the entire world 
@scruffybee welcome to twitter world my friend! 
Goodmorning World 
@capn_mactastic I dunno ;p How'd I end up waking up at 2 am? It's a mysterious world 
Goodmorning world 
Goodmorning world! 
we can sail around the world, you and me baby... 
gooooooodmorning world(: god bless, and have a great day! 
@tiffanyq swimming and tanning was heaven! i blasted music while tanning and was in my own world. 
@tommcfly You wouldnt change your fans for the world, tbh i dont think anyone would change mcfly for the world  You's are too amazing  x
The World is just amazing! 
And i ain't happy go lucky, its just today... The world don't feel ugly 
welcomes my nephew to the christian world. 
@tesser10 Those are the things that mean the world 
About to hit the hay. (who came up with that?) goodnight world and all those who inhabit it 
I'll stop the world and melt with you...the cure 
thinks the world would be a better place...with more cowbell.  
@ArnaudJacobs  I always thought scuba diving would give me a entirely new perspective of the world, but too chicken to do it. can u help? 
all mom's in the world congratulations 
@iam151 and you suck horribly  the world is at an even balance
seriously underrated.. 'porridge', the best breakfast in the world... ever. doesn't need to be gloopy, as long as it is made just right 
says good morning world!  http://plurk.com/p/sv034
hello twittttty world! how do you do? 
@thylady yay! welcome to the etsy-seller world 
Ive got the greatest boyfriend in the world. I love him so so much. 
http://www.eabeauty.net - The world of beauty and pretty girls   I'm testing new version 
@ShanteRowlandd so how is the most wonderful mommy in the world doing? 
But I do know is that I am extremely happy with him and wouldn't change him for the world and don't want anybody else. 
@vixx1983 haha so the whole worlds there then lol 
omg! i didnt even know my friend knew @ijustine !!! lol its a small world 
@PhilippaJane the &quot;no pants&quot; idea could be the new attempt world-wide to attract business back to the airlines. 
Moraan, one of the founders of the-hub world is in the house. welcome to send her flowers 
good morning world 
@allensjk true,quality rather than quantity is the go, we have opened the doors to standforlove.com and we want the world to participate 
@LatteWithLori I also out one out for the world's moms.  http://twiturm.com/profile/darkpiano
@gfalcone601 if you could have any job in the world, what would it be? just really curious 
@wajeeha lmao you would tell the world about jailbreaking. But thats why i love you 
I hope you don't mind that I put in words how wonderful life is while you're in the world 
@slickta well hello there! always nice to know there're more of us all over the world 
@tourscotland this is one of my favorite places in the whole world 
@MissAshleyStone I know!! 2 of the most beautiful people in the world in the same movie!! 
@alayxea i really love your picture   welcome to the world of stalking!
time for me to go to bed....hopefully i fall asleep quickly. gooooooniiiiiiight world. 
@philipwang asian americans are coming up in the world. 
Parents say the darndest things! &amp;I wouldn't trade mine for the world. 
@AmberAusten when the world starts listening to my ideas, we are in a lot o' twubble 
@yonderboy you're forgetting that within their borders they ARE the world! 
is prayinq that everyone will have a qood niqht! and show a little love to the world! 
morning world 
so tired, must sleep! goodnight world 
A whole new world 
the best feeling in the world is your clients telling you how amazing u are in front of your boss 
good morgning world! 
Finally joined the twitter world 
@Alonis it will be depression if the whole world is in recession 
@MuniZam welcome to my world 
has the greatest mom in the world. 
Mollies + Muffins= two of my most favorite things in the world 
so what's my world up to... i love you all, peace&amp;goodnight....maybe gooday 
hello world 
Thats it all done our entry into this years Beers of the World awards sent 
http://bit.ly/9Nf98    and kitty world 
@MyAppleStuff LOL - Might be time to break out the ouija board. Surely spirits in the next world will know which line to join. 
My frends are the best in the world i love them they always make me happy 
late night at the end of the world... funny that? 
@jyjlin welcome to the wonderful world of twitter. 
is on his way to salem and is going to get breakfast at bagel world. 
@fizzmack @liamoc - computer woes of a stresssful sort. Not the end of the world, but thanks for being concerned 
@dep lol small world 
@gaexaminer Indeed, welcome to the world's most pointless social networking platform 
@Wendys_World you're definetely weird 
signing off. goodnight world. @brendonuriesays goodnight bden 
Marketing meeting at science world, then home. 
has been massaaaaaged and all is good in the world! 
has the greatest friends that anyone could ask for! Even a half a world away, they still manage to check up on you! 
goodmorning world! 
@Wendys_World that's a really cool place.  I went there years ago with my family and enjoyed it a lot 
Some may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope some day you will join us and the world will live as one. 
I have the best friends in the whole world. I am SO lucky. 
not my cuppa, but hey, to each her own. that's what makes the world go 'round 
@IamEricB the whole world will in know in a few days. We flooding the net 
Neither could succeed in making the world any worse without the hate of the other to feed off of.  #tcot #p2
babysitting ... the easiest job in the world by far 
goodnight world!!!! brook and i are watching russel brand standup then headed to sleep  muah.
good morning world 
Who's still up twitter world?  
@shayimani that means the world to ya boy! 
hey @sciencechannel! we don't need geek pride day--we already rule the world! 
I want someone who would show me the world, not stop me from it. And now I feel like I'm seeing the world  &lt;3
is off to start her first day at chessington world of adventures  - even tho i feeeeeeeeel like tuuuuuurd!
final working on world lit. after today, it is over!! 
i play world of warcraft 
good morning world 
good morning world 
@alphacat1 i dont think there is any thing in the world i love more then bananas. Lol. 
eew. I have so much to do! what should I do first?? have to write a speech in religion. what I would change in the world..  stupid.
YEs youtube  i want to know what going on around the globe XD
@openhappiness hey. when will you have a world tour? 
@gashiya too pretty to a point where most of them think they're the prettiest in the world. But no ones complaining 
@JuliaAlexander the world shrinks a bit further still...  
lol. i'm following the best people in the world. 
Morning world  http://yfrog.com/5eq05j
good morning world and all who inhabit it! 
3 'solid' chavs drinking wkd with a tiny hairdressers dog and discussing ben 10. This world is unusual, but hilarious 
@juris_12161 good. we need more positive vibes in this world 
i only ever seem to get on here when i'm off to bed. so once again.. night world! don't miss me too much while i'm off in dream world!! 
I am ready to show the world what i'm made of 
I need a vacation. that would really rock my world. somewhere tropical, with umbrella drinks 
@christhegrants ...and the grants will be the no1 band in the world too? 
@dannygokey And since I'm from the other side of the world, it's physically impossible so this is my only avenue. 
tryingout tinytwitter on my smartphone so this is my hemmo world via tinytwitter 
chaz is my favorite person ever in the world. 
@mileycyrus this is just about the best quote in the world 
sophie just had a laughing fit that lasted like 5 minutes.... best sound in the world 
having coffee, waiting for the rest of the world to wake up!!  
aniikaaa welome in the world of twitter 
@elliottkember I believe that's used to query the entire world wide web. It has to hyper-textually transfer itself around. 
i love the world of warcraft  x
T20 world cup just a few weeks away! The fever has already gripped me! 
Skimboarding in laguna with the best uncle in theee world 
good morning world ! 
@CeeBee i'm pretty sure this is why cereal exists - at least in my world. 
I have the best boyfriend in the whole wide world. 
@chchchelseax33 its not that hard! lol just tell the world interesting things 
@priyankapd I heart project runway! Isnt tim gunn awesomes? make it work!  I thought it comes on travel and living though not star world
@panos welcome to my world 
fuckin arian cracks me uppp. goodnight world 
@RoseCommander our world &amp; the 'AR' are being uncovered by the children-protagonists. lighthearted @ 1st, then drama. good riveting story 
World, you bore me. I'm going to bed. 
@jashcandymatt well besides god of course. You r the greatest in this world is a better way to say it  haha
@patzef I promise it is the most boring, uninteresting reason in the world. you just want to know b/c I won't say  human nature.
u prob catching up both in ur world &amp; this little world created in here. 
@techyuppie he's a mix of every kind of cute dog in the world 
@BooTwit welcome to the mac side of the world 
@ddlovato p.s. This is a good quote 4 you. 'A true friend will be there, even if the rest of the world decides to walk out'  &lt;3
i find a healthy dose of tweetpeeps &amp; blippers can cure any doldrums one may have...hard to feel down w/so many cool people in the world 
hello world. how are you this evening? how is everyone 
@radiojen Youre quite the traveler aren't you!  I'm up for anything that has to do with traveling! I will see the world..
going to sleep now, goodnight world 
@Toshieboy ...on top of the world?? 
just got out of the shower, feeling fresh HAHA! about to watch the L world season 5,   xx  A.
and 'where did the world come from' 
@TheDavidBlaise welcome to the blackberry world 
@patrickrlim good to know you know the world adapts to what i want and need 
Reading angels &amp; demons before I go to sleep. But before I forget, goodnight world! 
@djphysik neither!! release attachment to material goods. when you leave this world you cant take your shoes with you. LOL 
#amgrat ...for new oppotunities...for understanding it is not the world but only me standing in my own way...for a lovely day 
...of familiarity from the world, and lays bare the naked and sleeping beauty which is the spirit of its forms&quot; *booyaaaaaa* 
- &quot;the world makes music for people who listen &quot; 
@boxofcrayons there are also 10 people in the world that understand binary, those that do, and those that don't 
@lvrpattz welcome to the wonderful world of twitter 
We are returned from the weird and wonderful world of wood, o so tired, happy and jingling of pocket  A weekend full of lovely people!
the world looks brighter with some caffeine 
@ronni_xo haha welcome to the mcfly secret world. biggest bitch fest around 
@PanMan is there any world record we can break?  #momo
hello world! just woke up! 
She held the world upon a string. 
I need to get some sleep... Gnight world 
hello world! 
hello world 
don't settle for anything less than you should! u deserve the world! 
I just made and ate the most amazing stickydate pudding in the world.. not to brag or anything 
@tytryone hey man - take some tweet pics so I can enjoy other parts of the world as well! 
Best job in the world   http://www.scoutingny.com
@oopsified perhaps the world is full of people who smile when they should rant, and frown at those who do speak up? 
eminem is the smartest human in the world 
whats up in the world??  i love music
@JacobToups ****takes bow*** thank you..I've joined the tech world 
well good morning world 
@devinjay seeing the world through rose tinted?  n wot r u still fiddling wif? 
To clench teeth or not to clench? - Afterwards you'll show the world your brightest smile @mightymur 
cannot wait to go to cadbury world 
good morning world  xox
@hayleyjfoster  But what would the world be without it?  re: veritable cavern of nonsense
@SixthandI no kidding! small world 
has the best boyf in the whole wide world  *barf* lol
heading out. nite world 
goodnight world 
@Adrieg welcome to my world  haha
@owlcity I'm like so obsessed with your music  you are amazing. It would mean the world to me if you replied to this tweet. \^.^/
Morning world.  What's everyone up to today?
@Iamamogul I know that's right! LoL!  I need to be taking over the world! I am a business woman! 
@tsepeaces it's the most beautiful place in the world! (no bias) 
Has the most comfortable bed in the whole wide world 
love the one that makes your world beautiful 
@souljaboytellem me cause im in adelaide over the other side of the world 
goodnight world 
@PolisMalaysia If only it can be done in the real world 
Sucking it all up and making the most of every moment. Who needs negativity when there's so much cake in the world? 
@funkypancake I'm glad I'm not the only plasticine sniffer in the world 
@challyzatb you can only do what you can do. The world is full of causes, nearly all of them valid. You can only be active in so many. 
good morning world 
@dinno talk about #jaljeera as we want to make this drink popular in the world 
@partywithneha we are making #jaljeera as the trending topic, so that this lovely drink can become popular and world should know about it 
all is right in the world 
 time to get dressed LOL and go outside and scare people in the real world.
You can sit beside me when the world comes down. 
good morning world 
@techchat from my small piece of the world .. all good thanks 
@alysonuy upd8.  its for globe.
@drudra lmk if I can help you change the world 
@world of higlet Thanks for following me 
@CiscoLaRisco The world is changing dude....and it's for the better 
World of WArcrafttttttt 
TGIF it is   I so don't wanna be on the other side of the world now 
watching the harlem globe trotters... 
yeeyyy...no school!!! the best feeling ion the world 
Goooood morning world 
@paul_mcmanus agreed! i wouldn't say it was better but its up there with the lasagnes of the world! 
Has had an awesome dinner and starbucks chai and all is right with the world 
goodmorning world  i love coffee.
Planning for impromtu holidays is the best thing in the world, yes? Especially to somewhere you've never been before 
Leaving soon to Margaritaaaaa  I'll miss u twiiter world...NOT.
I am shocking the world by wearing a skirt to work today. 
I think today will be spent in my own little world 
@sandrafoo u must know where to park! if ure there for a quick shopping, park in one world hotel! 
@angie8675309 I like that they call it a mans world.. this way we get no blame for them screwing it up 
is taking  break from this cruel, cruel world... 
the yankees rock my world  
I'm now an offical graduate!! now to take onto the real world 
@MichelleWKwan Your fans across the world are waiting with the fingers crossed 
Up hecka early!!! Gooooood morning world. 
It's like the whole world stops to listen when you tell me you're in love 
@poundsbegone Thanks for asking...certainly not the end of the world or anything 
goodnight world  i love yuu dearly
I would just like to say that I have THE best friend in the whole world...literally  I lovesss you &amp; I'm glad you're feeling better 
sometimes i love how cruel this world is.. because i get to fight back and get even 
trying to understand the world of twitter 
Goodmorning World 
@JoeBlackAttacks yea at first I was deleting them, but then I decided to let the world see the ignorance and its cool I'm good though 
@jordanknight my guess is 70% all over the world 
good morning.....color my world POWAA 
just had a nice, short chat with my 'favorite' sister in the whole wide world 
Falling slowly &amp; mad world are two of the best songs everrrrrrr. 
wow i have the best friends in the world .. def .. cam over &amp; helped me clean my room &amp; kitchen!! 
goodnite world... time to sleep... 
love running my little heart out then taking a shower right after. best feeling in the world. like being clean. whee. 
introducing the wonderful world of nsn to emileh 
@lucyyhale i am SO EXCITED that you and david seem to be back together. cutest couple in the world 
woo hoo!!! random adventure to wally world with ate and kuya. 
@smeddy99 atm, in my world, it is 0047 
i have learnt to live, to be in the world and of the world. not just stand aside and watch 
taking a few hours break from the world wide web. gosh that sounds so geeky 
morning world 
goooodnight world, i can't wait to sleep in my bed! @arielhatesyou there's definitely no way you're sleeping in longer than me 
@jessmitch is sleeping. so i guess i am too. night world. check out our rap 
( yes I have a professional side as well, in the banking world, so i don't mind sending out my resume to  financial institutions 
Morning world. TFIF! 
we only got 4 minutes to save the world!  (8)
Bing will take over the world..that somehow doesnt sound right 
@bwagy great to meet and chat in the real world 
i keep on waiting, waiting on the world to change 
Morning World! 
going to bed feeling like the luckiest woman in all the world... feels amazing. 
Waiting for the world cup to start!! 
@mattmbr excellent, the world needs more truly British eccentrics. I bet he laughs after your conversations 
@dougiemcfly   that is the best idea in the world hahha  xx
Sharing my musical skills tonight...lookout world 
has started his quest for world domination by studying how to use a microwave oven 
@ecotricity - planet powa! the world record with greenbird- its awesum to watch          http://bit.ly/sFvBA
