Most common words for this cluster:
[('worst', 186), ('day', 35), ('part', 16), ('headache', 14), ('life', 11), ('thing', 10), ('time', 10), ('week', 9), ('sick', 9), ('sleep', 7), ('work', 7), ('night', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Worst', 0.9982491731643677), (u'Dumbest', 0.6225677132606506), (u'worst', 0.6212267875671387), (u'Stupidest', 0.61921626329422), (u'Craziest', 0.581527590751648), (u'Weirdest', 0.5756612420082092), (u'Greatest', 0.5699252486228943), (u'Best', 0.5673572421073914), (u'Biggest', 0.5664799213409424), (u'Riskiest', 0.5574802756309509)]





Worst burn of my life! so sick 
Worst dream ever, and not my usual nightmare either. The worst part is its probably gonna come true 
Worst combination ever: 2 cups of Coffee, vitamin pill, cereal and milk. 
Best: the nice weather before it started raining.  Worst: I did not sell any lotion 
Worst dream ever so bad i cant even share it 
@stephenfry perhaps you could just have half a crown - oops! - no you can't - we went metric didn't we? Worst part is the waiting - NOT 
@DrunkPuppy @dulcet @Richts I know *ducks* I can barely believe it myself. Worst is: got nothing to tweet about. 
Worst cab ride ever.  Smashed my ear getting into the cab, dropped my phone, and the cab driver stole it even tho we called within 5 mins 
@joedawson Was indeed a good film. I could see some of the CGI though   Worst bit was the shadows from the kids who walked on the grass.
Worst time to be unwell is during bank hols!  It's not fair!!!
I work in the drive thru and touch thousands of peoples hands. 8 hours a day, 5 days a week. Worst part is I'M the one thats sick... 
Worst day ever. Haven't had one of these for some time... I feel second.  http://myloc.me/rL7
Worst news ever - gastritis is back 
Worst headache ever.  By means of caffeine.  
@Fearnecotton Iv been up for work since 5.30am and dont get home until after 6pm  Worst bank holiday EVER!
Worst game ever..fail cancuks 
@SngForgiven and yes, 2002..well, end of 2001. It was my 13th birthday and I was highly distraught that Data died  Worst birthday ever LOL
Worst California traffic right now 
cat just brought me a small, struggling rodent which was flailing, but unable to get up. Worst way to wake up in the middle of the night. 
Worst sleep ever  why am i awake
Worst thing about vacation? No gym  I'm sprouting a second chin as you're reading this. Mmmmm salt water taffy I'll eat you all!!
Worst migrain of life 
Worst night ever, on multiple levels. 
http://twitpic.com/5csy5 - Worst idea ever. If you're already feeling bad how're you supposed to drink something that tastes like shit? 
@RobStitzer I'm sorry. Worst ever. 
Worst day ever 
Worst 2 days ever.. 
Worst feeling in the world: Rolling over and hearing the alarm going off, only to realize that you have to go into work today.  
Worst night sleep of my life. 8 am final then busy all day 
Worst headache ever and only 1 hr of sleep. still have over 6 hrs to go...  
Feeling like shit.. Class then home to nap. Worst time to get sick 
rerun... They better hire me on this week; else i'm getting a title loan and/or selling everything on ebay... Toothache is the Worst! 
Worlds Worst Headache 
I want my vacation now damn it. But this current project is a killer. Worst case I might only make it for con week and nothing else. 
Worst way to start the weekend - sick with lots of hmwk 
it took me 1 min 19.8seconds to drink one bottle of arrowhead water. Now I feel all bloated in my stomach. Worst feeling right now 
Worst thing about being woken at 430am is falling asleep at 6am then waking up late. 
Worst day ever 
Worst day ever. And its only noon. 
reyt fancies a valentinos. Worst of times considering i can't have any 
Worst headache EVER and I'm not even home yet 
Worst feeling:  when someone you love is having a tough time and you can't do anything about it. 
WOW tonight is HORRIBLE. Worst friday night i've ever experienced. 
Worst night ever... got Dissed n talked shit to 
Worst. Hangover. Ever. 
Worst part of summer will be breaking the caffeine addiction. Headache hell. 
@trishaashley sorry about neighbours' noise  Worst thing for me about barbecues is the dogs go mad trying to find cooking meat lol
@cyandle thanks. It's been an emotionally exhausting day. Worst part is, there are more funerals to come over the next decade or so. 
Worst headache in da worlldd 
Worst movie ever! dragon ball lol wish i never saw it! 
Worst headache ever 
Emotional hiccups: Worst things and I hate them to the core 
Worst part? Beige suede strappy espadrilles, so they had pink stains on them. 
&quot;Worst Week&quot; is the funniest tv show! too bad it was already cancelled after 15 episodes 
@paulybaz It's awful at the moment the anti-hysthamines aren't touching it. Worst I've been for years 
It ended,on way home. Worst day ever tomorrow  must keep thinking about today
Worst day of my life  I wanna go home already
Horrible night's sleep. Worst heartburn ever, that's what happens when you eat junk all day long. Suffer, suffer, suffer!!! 
I sneezed like, 30+ times last night... even while I was asleep. Worst night of sleep ever. 
@ScottSharman Ta. Worst thing is it's just before the weekend. So not much time off work 
Mastercuts FTL. $16 haircut took literally 4 minutes, didn't even wet my hair. Worst haircut experience ever. Used to be fav place too 
Worst ever farewell! The only best part was getting snaps sitting on the stage. Rest all sucked  Juniors!!!!!!! 
@abba2834 That's crappy.  How long did it last?? I'm done with this already but I'm only at the peak I think. Worst I've felt so far.
Worst class ever  waaah.
um...yeah, so today totally sucks.  Worst day in years 
Worst unemployed person ever.  I have to do 1 thing--call an 800 number every 2 weeks.  I've failed for like 3 times in a row. 
Worst day ever to not have internet! I'm missing so much stuff today.  Thanks Drew.
I'm so tired but I can't sleep. Worst feeling ever 
Worst nights sleep ever  How can it be morning already?! Arrrgh!
Worst day ever. 
@edovia last time I flew, my ears were sort of clogged, so they couldn't pop. Worst ear pain I ever had. 
I've had the need to sneeze all dang day &amp; my right eye won't stop watering   Worst kind of being sick!
worst tummmmy acheeee  i eat too much.
@dopegirlfresh  I normally whimper in the fetal position when they ache.  Worst feeling in the world.  Try taking a pain reliever, too.
Worst day ever to not have taken allergy pills 
Worst day at work 
Worst night ever. Seriously. 
Chemistry has ruined my life. Worst exam ever  xxx
Worst part is... I LOVE to write, if I'm not TRYING I'll be able to think but my creativity is in an enclosed bubble right now 
Worst day ever I have lost my work keys and there are no copies 
@alexsheppard Me too, haven't been out at all week. Won't finish for another hour. Worst thing about being freelance? No paid holiday 
There is no need for rain right now. WTF, santa barbara, WTF. Worst spring quarter, dead-est dead week ever 
Worst maths exam EVER! 
@suizilla Luckier than me hopefully. Worst part was the fact that it was a really good camera. 
Worst thing about big cities is that you can't see the stars  Refinnyj &lt;&gt; Mat1234
Why am I awake at 6am on a saturday? Worst excuse for sleep. Ever. Too hot, too many nightmares about spiders in my bedroom. Horrible 
worst feeling ever   this succcckkksss.
Worst day of work EVER! 4 awkward people here and i think i just exploded. Ive been talking to allyn a lot and people are laughing at me 
Worst sleep ever. I'm so worried about my sick kitty cat 
Worst news of 2009 so far: http://tinyurl.com/lkcs56 how could she 
Worst summer and year ever im freaking sick like every two weeks 
Layover in Denver... Worst flight ever!!!! 
Worst round of my life. 
Worst Week  is cancelled?!?!?!  http://bit.ly/4kbdIz
Worst. Bonfire. Ever. 
Worst sunburn ever!!!!! it hurts so bad 
Worst birthday weekend ever...    (no offense)
Worst day ever! Not feeling well  brother lost his basketball game  my cellphone is officially dead  and I have a huge headach 
Worst week of my life 
Aliya hasn't stopped crying for an hour. Worst feeling in the world not knowing how to help a sick daughter. 
Worst headache ever! And I missed dyno day too 
Worst day ever...someone save me if u will and take away all this pain 
Worst headache ever! 
Worst thing... he got less votes than last time. 
Won't get my book review done on time.  Exactly 20 words out at least three pages. Worst non-fiction book I've read in recent memory.
Worst day ever got worse with some bad news about an immediate family member who is in the hospital 
Worst coffee ever  http://bit.ly/3SaWgZ
Worst part of missing #rebcchi is the lost chance to meet @HomePartner @RobHahn &amp; @MattDollinger f2f 
Just said goodbye to my dog. Worst feeling 
Worst hayfever in years 
Worst job ever: being the guy that drives the truck that drains the port-a-poties... Yuck! 
Worst birthday ever 
Worst weather since I arrived a month ago: persistently cloudy 72F 
Worst experiece of my life.  
Worst migraine ever 
worst sciataca ever 
Worst.headache.everrrr. 
Worst day ever and to top it the jobros and demi have left the uk 
Worst birthday ever 
Worst moooood!#$%  !
@kevino84 its worst then i thought.. you too far gone to save.. we shall never forget the Overlandbread 
Worst fucking day.. And now i may be kicked out of this house for good too! Yay. Seventeen and possibly homeless! 
Worst night ever, I don't know what I'm going to do, I get hurt a lot, but I think its worth it, I just wanna be happy danm it 
Ughhh jet lag kicks in... It's only 11 on the west coast and 1am here  I'm never gunna be able to fall asleep. Worst part of traveling
@BadPony Worst day ever 
Worst headache ever 
Someone have a d&amp;m with me, I have so much on my mind and dont know what to dooooo. Worst timing 
I just stood on a plug.  Worst ever pain 
Wow, I am the Worst Girfriend 
Worst headache ever 
OH GOD. Worst cramps of my life. 
Worst part about being home is that i have no where to hang my michael phelps calender 
Worst pain ever...ugh  leaving for France in the morning!
Omfg! Worst stomache pains in the WORLD!! 
Worst weather I've see in a while really depressing to come back from sun, metal and booze to this 
@jorowleywt4 @sheilanoble I was quite disappointed with my wholewheat (if that is indeed what it was) scone. Worst QMU scone I've had 
Is still in bed with kidney stones !! Worst pain ever 
so bored and sick at work ugh and its pouring out.. Worst day ever 
Worst lab meeting ever. Period. 
Worst day ever. 
@Blissfulbirdie Worst part of it, she didn't even read it!! The nerve!! 
Worst headache ever.  Have had it since last night! Just finished latex filming..
Worst sinus infection ever.  this blows..
Worst traffic jam ever, over 2.5 hours and I've only moved maybe a mile. 
Worst thing about being sick? The body aches... 
Fck shit damn. Worst cramps in the world. 
Worst day ever!!  I really hope everything works out for my neighbors... I'm still in shock... I've always hated that pool.
Worst headache in a loooong time. 
Worst day everr and its only 9:30 
Argh! Worst one-arm farmer tan ever! And to top it off, I'm never even outdoors!  #squarespace
Worst of it is I can't afford dentist 
Worst day to buy a freaking ipod ever 
Worst lunch ever.    needs to be longer cuz i had NO time for myself.
Skate bar has turned into a super fratastic spot. Worst part is that its way more successful. 
Worst day 
Scanning the lineart. Worst part is holding it down on the scanner not to have blurry edges. On to patching the 4 parts together now. 
Worst night of my life won't end... I can't sleep 
Little crap raining on my weekend parade...    Worst of all.. no P90X today or yesterday.. stupid cold/flu!
http://twitpic.com/7wn76 Worst climbing related injury yet, this is a bad one  #fb
I hate waking up in the morning. Worst time of day... 
Hey! Worst idea ever? Force feeding yourself! 
Worst nightmare...I think my ear's infected now . And I thought I did such a good job 
http://twitpic.com/7x2v1 - Worst one piece tan ever. Thanks for the oil Beth 
Worst dayy ever 
Worst cramps ever! I never get them like this... ! 
Worst day ever 
Worst day ever.!  
 Worst fear has come true: Nip/Tuck has been cancelled!!!
Worst presentation in the world .. &amp; I kinda have a feeling the professor hates me  so depressed right now
Worst fathers day ever!  i want to cry so bad but i'm surronded by people ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
worst stomach ache ever 
Worst Father's Dayy Everr !    
nip/tuck  has been cancelled! Worst news i've heard. 
@Scott_M_  yeah yeah yeah, don't you start!! Worst thing is I wasn't kissing anyone til after I caught it! 
Worst part of the night.. Coming home to a lonely &amp;&amp; cold bed 
Just woke up. I don't remember falling asleep. I guess I sort of fainted due to the massive pain. Worst week ever. I feel so blessed 
Worst dream ever.... I just wanna cry for days   
Worst place to have a blinking red light, westhiemer and 610  I've been here for 20min
Okay, slow patch so managed to mop up heaps and take out bags of wet paper towels. Worst body mod experience ever 
Worst two days of my life? I fucked up so badly w/ Jordan. I regret everything 
Worst over for British economy? http://bit.ly/HKRGn let's see what @richardquest say about this... #qmb 
Worst flight ever to Taiwan.  Lots of turbulance, puking people.  Lovely  Photoshoot in progress.  Now awake for 24 hours.
@beautiful_waste I gotcha. Worst case scenario, I get beaten to death by midgets carrying sticks. Anything above that is gravy 
@watchasifall Worst dream EVER! lol. And I also hope you find exactly what you're looking for because when you do, it's lovely! 
Worst exam ever today. &amp; can't concentrate on revision for the next so last Prison Break it is  finally!
@CrazyCaptainKey Worst, or best?  ow my everything hurts from laughing
