Most common words for this cluster:
[('xbox', 252), ('wii', 249), ('game', 141), ('ds', 99), ('nintendo', 98), ('i', 94), ('http', 87), ('today', 84), ('psp', 79), ('live', 76), ('games', 75), ('halo', 75)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'PS3', 0.8240306973457336), (u'PS2', 0.8201858997344971), (u'SSBB', 0.8197159171104431), (u'Metal_Slug_XX', 0.8166477084159851), (u'Aliens_Vs_Predator', 0.8106464147567749), (u'Dynasty_Warriors_Strikeforce', 0.8078377842903137), (u'PSN_XBLA', 0.8064305782318115), (u'Dynasty_Warriors_Gundam', 0.8061109781265259), (u'Xbox_###/PS#', 0.8060370087623596), (u'XBLA_PSN', 0.8036171197891235)]





..and of course... I have access to my Halo 3 Mythic Map Pack re-download.. but bad news.. not the Legendary Map Pack... ugh.. 600MS... 
Wish I had all the XBLM downloads all on the gamertag 'Hitokyri'. This 5 gamertag thing is nonsense... and I'm tired of it 
Oh no my computer sucks. I don't think i'll be able to listen to the Xbox 360 Fancast tonite 
Four games this fall: Modern Warfare 2, Halo 3 ODST, Brutal Legend, and Bioshock 2 I need more cash 
@TracyDowds When an Xbox shows those three red lights, it means it's dead and needs to be fixed for a month at Microsoft HQ. 
I thought you could buy Silent Hill for the PSP on the PS Store? I can't find it anywhere? 
Playing Killzone 2... the demo 
I want FFXII really bad, I never got a chance to play it. 
My DotA ladder stats on GArena don't seem to have been updated 
i lost my nintendo DS 
@head_bigg The mad marathon of Gears 2 sessions has done my Xbox in LOL! RROD last night 
@PrometheusFire That's pretty much how my few attempts at writing a story for an RPG came to an end 
does not enjoy being beaten on wii fit  GAME ON.
I dreamt that i owned GTA4 
@lmorchard sad   sorry to hear about your PomPom
Bought Peggle today and it's already burned into my plasma 
When I saw the twit trending on virtual assistants, I was hoping down inside it was something to do with AI agents.  But no. 
so I found out about the Wii Homebrew Channel today, but my Wii was already updated to 4.0 so I can't install the hack until they update 
@iuwii is it true you cant play DS games on the DSi? that would suck 
Doing one of those follow but don't get too close missions on GTA, and the fool i was following drove off of the docks and died 
...well I played a nice game of Battlefield Heroes but I've now been told to clean my room 
Seriously, what is up with my connection the last few days... http://www.speedtest.net/result/454913043.png CoD4 is not fun right now 
is falling asleep and the extra large can of Rockstar won't help me 
Where is my Clash at Demonhead Virtual Console game??????   
Steam is rejecting mah money 
just got World of Goo for the Wii after having looked at it for a very long time. It's gorgeous but I'm stuck on the 4th level... 
 does neone know what is the exact procedure of getting a DS 2019 issued ..and whether it costs for a summer intern ?
@Vacant_Stained fraid not  and I love Zelda too ^^
@chivesontheweb DSi has a new stylus? 
Totally bummed that target takes ova my life; i cant go see TGS tonight 
my poor little DS, his hamster Rocky Rockstar the Reality Hamster died today, he is so sad 
Played COD:WAW and Halo3 after gym. Got ass handed in Halo; 25-9. 
Man, I need to finish working so I can play Persona 4 
egads the lag on #GoW2 is unbearable (rubber banding, delayed finishers) but sooo close to winning the match 
@Esko Gamefly makes me sad.  I  usually only get the last game in my queue... which, obviously is the least desired. 
Tomorrow seems too far away to play LittleBigPlanet again. My Sackboy must be super lonely. 
Blehh, I think I broke my middle finger at Shockwave...  I dont think I am going to church either...I am really tireddd..Nightyy nite!
My flist needs to stop talking about Digimon because now I want to watch it again. And I don't have the time. 
Oh goodness. Old DBZ talk. I need to get all the episodes and get all the GT episodes. 
@majornelson Wow good deal on that Xbox, to bad it's out of stock 
It's going to take me forever to catch up on all the missed Bleach and Naruto episodes 
While I was out stagging last night, my wife went to play a DVD and the Xbox RRoD'd 
@joshtastic1 just added you on the PlayStation, still can't find your levels yet 
Finished Halo Wars. Sadly there was no ending warthog race. 
Art is kicking my ass this weekend. Epic fail. 
Where did Rockstar go?? hey! i'm on youtube!!   doing the dance!
Why must Unreal not do things properly when I want it to 
and before you say it, Steam doesn't like WINE very much 
I want to play Rockband. 
Shockwave was in such good shape. I even got to transform it. 
@Igniitus I haven't turned my Wii on in months 
Wants a Wii  
Mario Kart Wii: Blue Shells 
@moostafa whres your avatar 
There isn't gonna be any nice game of Age of Empires 
I knew why I  gave it a break... Stormrise is not the easy one.  Always dying in the fields... #GamePorts
Ascaron Entertainment (Sacred 1/2) files for bankruptcy protection  - http://tinyurl.com/d9ug7z
Wow Gears of War levels REALLY poorly designed. Forgot an item, can't go back, can't kill the enemy without it  Game autosaved (!!!!!)
Argh! Missed out on an Xbox 360 for dirt cheap on Woot today. 
Epic headache! Ah! 
QA jobs in the Australian Video Game industry seem thin on the ground  next stop: gaming journalism or graphic design lol
Dear World of Warcraft: why are you slowly consuming my life? This isn't cool... 
@Rilgon stupid Ulduar making comparison testing difficult 
@Halo_Kitteh simon... i gives up 
@Halo_Kitteh  cause i has nothing left in me 
@Halo_Kitteh :[ ... i dont understand why it keeps happenin to me -i'm a good person i dont do much wrong by ppls. but i get tossed aside 
I have lost the ability to work with music playing in the background. Epic fail. 
@Goozex - think I'm going to be escalating a negative trade issue to Goozex this evening. Looks like a bunch of us got a bad trader... 
@PshopCreative I love the retro too! Thanks for the tutorials link. Now I feel inadequate, though... 
Playing Nintendo DS hihiw , why my nintendo ds always need long time to recharge ?  
TF2 update was okay, seeing the hat and stuff. Valve screwed over Counter strike 
@Sonic_vision aaww  get better soon! sorry to hear you are not well. :-/
and no, there is not a Wii-fit here 
My GPU's death is really untimely. Zeno Clash comes out tomorrow. 
going 2 take six days 2 uncompress all my DBZ &amp; DBGT videos!!!! 
poo Singstar trophies are not retroactive  might have to have -several- parties at my place.
@devinokuno You've got me craving for Sonic! 
Wants to know where her Wario Touch for her DS is! 
I announced i play DnD to a crowd of programmers and they declared me a geek  how times are changing
Zork. Buggy beta version 
I miss my XBOX360  sad face
@naia28 I feel ya. I was waiting all day and when my Firefox decides to crash is when it goes up. Just like the SEGA contest earlier. 
I want to start playing Tales of Vesperia, but I'm tired 
Just recieved an email telling me my Xbox Live subscription runs out in a month.... sad times 
@M3wThr33 I do too! Not all of us got to go  Still, be sure to get down to your LCS for the FCBD edition of TMNT Vol.1 #1!
I want to play GTA4 but @jessicabott wont' let me 
I dropped my DSi yesterday when trying to put it in my pocket so I wouldn't drop it, and now it's got loads of scratches on it 
Installing Steam. L4D free for 24h !... only 24 
My XBL has ran out 
just bought a balance board for Wii, steaks &amp; anything else you need for a nice barbecue and must tidy my house now 
Ow ow ow. I think I gave myself carpal tunnel playing the Wii. Fingerspelling with this hand is painful... 
i want 2 follow automatically every1 who follows me ,but how ? tweetlater demo is over  now waat?
@feeru I demand to know who's this friend with a Wii becos I wanna join a Wii party when I go back to M'sia too 
installed KOTOR, kept crashing and there was nothing I could do to fix it, so I had to uninstall it 
There was an awesum legend of Zelda hat in the sound shop. We didnt have enough money to buy it tho!  sad times sad times.....
Had his ass handed to him by a 13yr old girl tonight (Mario Kart Wii), and it was *my* game 
A Nice quiet Saturday evening.  my Xbox has RROD.
Just finished my CoD 5 missions, then got word I'm not allowed to make female friends due to boredom at work 
@uncbear08 If I had Xbox live I would recommend we link up but alas I do not 
I've been messing with wii remotes and now can't get them synced 
Xbox Live subscription just expired  no more online gaming for a while 
I wish Fallout 3 was on the PSP...but only because that's all I have with me right now 
Morning all.. I hate weekends online; crazy busy in World of Warcraft but my email accounts are so so quiet 
@Epic_War_MT I don't wanna hear about it! Mostly cause I'm jealous 
Epic dinner of vegetables.. trying to make what I think is food poisoning go away 
Gamed Suikoden: Tierkreis, then appeared to miss something I didn't wanna miss, so I shut it off without saving. Hate when that happens. 
Going to play on the Wii. Since it's raining and there's nothing else to do here. I want to go outside 
Is looking for an MMORPG to play.. Tried Runes of Magic but my pc just chokes..  this is sad
@epicLAN not Trackmania then 
What's happens with Habbo in the last 2 years? Where's the old console? 
15 hours into FFXII and I still don't care about the story. All the characters are uninteresting so far. 
Playing FFVII Dirge of Cerberus without keyboard and mouse 
@niteguardianx I'm good. I'm playing Oblivion for lack of anything to do 
Going to go work on tractor...cab main wiring harness this time. No Urbee or Painting or XBox tonight. Not even beer 
Ioo's Web Game of the Week is live on #AbleGamers, go take a look, unless you are colorblind  http://ablegamers.com/web-games/540.html
I'd like to find an online version of Monopoly that really mimicked real world play (trades, negotiation). None of my friends will play. 
@SteffChilds I love the Monopoly but it must be in person to negotiate, barter, haggle, intimidate. Only a few friends like playing. 
Now I'm missing Sonic Adventure 2 and my chao  They were well educated!
ugh terrible screenshots make me sad 
Had the haircut too short don't really like it   I have to keep it up!  Also why are Nintendo DS' so addictive got my DSi today 
@docstar42 The DS Lite I got recently turned out to be a dud  so I kinda have no choice. It looks so... mattey
Epic allergy attack can stop now. 
@thunderror  I haven't played FF. But I love the SpellForce series! You must try it!
I wish I could buy Halo pet food in stores  I am convinced that's exactly what my dogs need to kick start their new healthy lifestyle
Singstar nite last nite....my throat hurts 
noooooo my XBox is suffering from the RROD 
@PlantsvsZombies I'm signed up for Zombie Alerts and haven't been told anything about how and when to play PvZ before street date.  
on the last 3 squares on a Rubik's cube  how do you work out which ways to turn or is it just trial and error? help me before I go mental 
getting ready for school. its gonna be a boring day!  ^^COD WaW^^
Ughhhhh I feel sick. I'm thinking potato chips and Rockstar isn't a very good breakfast anymore. 
Epic weekend of dead &amp; divine in burlington, mad parties in toronto... so sad to be back in london 
Does anyone have a spare Wii they want to give me for free? Mrs says I'm 'not allowed' to buy one and sulking's not working 
@JFoundation  nooo, still stuck on the xbox. I was seriously considering it... mainly coz i want GTA4!!  but then i got a wii, too many!!
misses playing LotRO 
MiiSs Mii BaBii 
Someone get me a CycloDS Evolution for my bday so I can play more games other than FF4 on my DS 
I'm letting @techathead play Halo on my a/c and am thinking this may be a mistake...sad 
My Mii is not overweight but WiiFit still says I'm 11 years older than I am. 
Just so everyone knows, Dreamcast stll works after all these years,  although I can't find my digital cables only my analog 
@berly your avatar is gone   The red x has eated it.
Well that bites... Uncharted 2 Beta code and no ps3 
@_lightmare aww. Epic fail. 
why is Project Gotham Racing for XBOX only 
Geography speech prep. This is going well. Lost HP3 on GBA 
left my DS in my friend's car.  Won't be playing Disgaea for a while.
@juelzdesignz I don't feel special since I'm not a 360 SODMG Gamer and a PS3 SODMG Gamer instead 
Woot for Fallout 3, I was missing so much good console-ing sucked into WoW 
Killed everyone on the Wii with Kirby..Drunk.. o.o About to kick the wii out the window because my 'B' button stopped working.. 
How come there's no one on Xbox Live playing Space Invaders Extreme right now? 
Wish I could go to the Keynote at GDC tomorrow   #GDCCanada #GDC
@charleshamilton sega addict to sega addict  i am really feeling your blog. SEGA will never be the same again.    sigh
Paying all those RPG World bills!  
damn Nintendo and their pokemans... I have this -&gt; http://bit.ly/w3mFT  playing in my head on repeat ATM 
will be away from home for long  Duty matters. XD
@Brok3n_Halo Good luck with that! I think I figured out why I gave up trying to learn RoR. 
is not happy with AI's top 2. 
I lost my Lightsaber 
@guttermouth It's storming really bad here.  Epic fail.
1am just came back from the office, lots of work, no DDO or LOTRO today 
okay. someone just spilled the news of who got eliminated in AI.  can't they just wait for later? 
@kingfuraday That's an app issue. Devs should make their apps save/restore state on exit/startup. iPhone doesn't allow apps run in bkgrnd 
going to watch AI now even though i already know who got eliminated 
I won a DS lite from a block stacking game. Long story short, it didn't give it to me and I have to wait for the company to call me back. 
Housework and looking after my baby girl... waiting to go on Xbox 
I want an inFAMOUS code!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
im learning that AI is very difficult to use 
good god there's 10 NBA games and 12 NFL games on the Nintendo 64. Oh sports. 
FINALLY beat the Marona DLC for the Prinny PSP but now I've got to beat Lil' Asagi and from what I've seen of it online, its even harder 
missed the one page RPG deadline.  It's ok. All the buying a house drama is finally over. Price, closing, details all settled. YAY!
getting really pissed off  Club Nintendo code from my Pkmn Platinum is &quot;invalid&quot; :\  Yes I type it correct! 
@RyanSeacrest is it true that danny gokey didn't  make it to the top 2?  i wasn't able to watch AI, my freinds just told me,  
They should make DLC longer, I finshed the new Fable 2 DLC the same day it was out 
@WormsAreFunny me either Worms, I can't watch it...too sad! 
I found out Sonic food doesn't agree with me anymore. And we just got one 
Having too much lag to be successful at #Halo3 Slayer. Wish my internet would stay fast. Has a lot of slow periods 
@Tiger531 Daxter is an excellent platformer! Sadly PSP in general is overlooked in the U.S.  --TopaZ
Bloons is so addictive. I'm stuck on level 27 
Playing Wii w/ the gf...and losing 
Has packed the Xbox away  Buried alive I say! Bloody travesty
Pokemon Pinball (1999) for gameboy colour, trying to distact myself from reality. I have lost most of my Fauksian class now. 
Only two more levels of TR:Underworld to go plus the Lara's Shadow DLC, think I'll miss it a bit once I'm done  It's pretty good
What happened to the EA Trax feature? Some really good toons on the game but no playlist 
@ConnorJack  every language doesnt work  damn EA!
@ethos914 Unfortunately, the Nintendo DS and DSi only support WEP. 
Looking for a great rpg for the Wii...  not looking good 
I love playing Duty... but staring at the TV screen that long hurts my eyes. 
Wondering about PSP remote play and why it doesn't seem to be compatible with all that many games 
My Friend On Runescape thinksi m being stupid 
I want a StarCraft 2 beta invite! 
@aegies since chuf money is a bad iPhone owner, yes you can play your music in the BG of Peggle but popcap did not include peggle music 
@Epic_War_MT aggggh....yea 
fuck i can't find HAWX 
:: my wireless GameCube controller stopped working! 
I can't get onto Nintendo District  But I'm getting VIPP USER on MKWii.Com
can't find her Nintendo DS charger! 
damm SmartXX V3 out of stock everywhere.... so Xbox has to wait 
@krispradez  Lovely, I wish I have a wii .. 
Morning. CoD 4 sucks, I've already completed it, what a waste of time 
@StefaanLesage I have a heavily modded Amiga 1200 on a dustfree bag on a shelf. It'd work, but you'd never find a mouse / joystick for it 
was really struggling with the whole &quot;getting out of bed&quot; thing. This morning. Duty won 
I am so sick n tired of Travian ads all over the net 
Losing at wii bowling 
geez, i heard that sims 3 has leaked on the torrent sites. poor EA 
the Pokemon items &quot;wide lens&quot; &amp; zoom lens&quot; make me happy  *photography geek*
Now the question is multi-platform or Playstation 3 exclusive? I fear that it's full potential will be robbed if it goes multi-platform 
@dernjg Thanks for the heads up, and @revvoice I would loooove to share a table with you, but I don't think I can afford Otakon this year 
woah. playing #Topspin tennis on #Wii yesterday has taken its toll on my arms. it hurts 
7 games to 0 Mancala ass beating administered to me by @ladikatt over coffee this morning. 
@SEGA there had better be some Men's Pocky in that collection! I miss that stuff since the chinese milk products embargo 
Trading in the Wii for store credit...so so sad! 
Really want to play &quot;Punch-Out&quot; on Wii 
@Fake_Rockstar the shirt link is coming up with a 404 
If this Kojima teaser thing doesn't turn out to be Metal Gear Solid 5, I'm gonna be very sad 
@SEGA &quot;one of only 2 in existance&quot; and it broke 
@8bithack I'm pretty sure everyone was expecting the long tail for GTA on the DS like any Mature game on there. But businesses don't care 
I finished the main story in Fable2 and I don't know what to to with myself other than I need to find a way to get my dog back 
A romantic trapped in a Rockstar life 
Epic amount of Russian homework, then dictation tomorrow. 
@amyypee omg my dad stole my DS so i dont have mine now  i love playing pokemon on DS.
some people say kris allen does'nt deserve to win AI. 
Watching the new clip of Modern Warfare 2 on Gametrailers, makes the release date seem even more further away than it is 
Looks like there will be no PGR5  unless someone else takes it on.
@CabreraNina omg. he performed on AI pala? i didnt get to watch too. 
Forearms hurt from Wii Punchout.... 
@arminvanbuuren I just read the news on that Wii game you're planning, all I have to say is  #asot
should be studying. but i need to restart my game of GTA4.  coz the comp was formatted again. siggghhh
disappointed in my gamer friends as only a couple play DOTA and they are never up for a game. 
@ ValveNews Riiight, stop achievement farming by just giving unlocks away. They should just improve security not destroy awesome gameplay 
@ValveNews Riiight, stop achievement farming by just giving unlocks away. They should just improve security not destroy awesome gameplay 
@Rockstar_Sid hey man what happened to blogote? did i miss smth??? don't tell me you took it down... 
@Pokemon__Master oh, damn. You mean i wont get to be an uncle? 
Wtf is wrong with my Wii balance board?! It's all non-respondy 
@zabbysmom We're laying low &amp; our calendar is NOT full for once. Yippee! Pool opens, but no swimming as DS has cast on his arm.  And you?
Did my half an hour on Wii Fit and feeling great!  Still have a podgy Wii Mii though. 
Where is the red faction multiplayer demo. Its vanished off the store 
@LookLikeMeE I don't feel happy about it, too.  .__. have fun with Wii tomorrow
@marvelvscapcom doesn't seem like I can use the code for PSN at their website. I'm at work so I don't have access to my console. 
&quot;I only have a 360 now.  *pause* Oh, and a Wii. Haha. I forgot about that.&quot; -Myself, forgetting about my ownership of a Wii.
So Bioshock 2 is going to be released sometime early nov adn my collector's edition is still at home collecting dust, and uncompleted 
I haven't had a night with my Xbox in over a month 
Just got to know that Spore has its first swine flu case. 
@Bonedwarf MGS4 isn't on XBox 
has given his Xbox 360 for repair. Hopefully I'll get it back today 
Rappelz_Game Researching what it takes to get a job at google... so far their jobs look boring 
@Rappelz_Game Researching what it takes to get a job at google... so far their jobs look boring 
The suckage on Yahtzee continues.  It is so bad.  
overdid it on the Wii, pulled leg muscle equals ouch, long walk to work today 'hmmmmmmm' 
the forums were gone..  oh well... AI forum again... back to basics..
My third Xbox 360 is dying, but no red ring, no error code 
My third Xbox 360 is dying, but no red ring, no error code, just keep freezing in-game 
No avatar clothes again 
@Godzillar new GTA dlc is called 'the ballad of gay tony', and once again, is only for xbox  for me
I think I injured my hand, or at least my pinky  I get WAYYYY too into my Wii Bowling. Yikes.
Today is a day of Worms, one of our client was hit with iframe hijack scripts and we are fixing since midnight - only had 2 hrs of sleep 
I guess I was supposed to rest yesterday in my 30 day workout according to EA Active. I just had to do the same workout 2 days in a row. 
Tried the rock band unplugged demo. Pretty cool, and the track switching adds a challenge. Demo doesn't have full songs  #PSP
Xbox 360 RROD'd - again!  Two times already, damn you Micro$oft.  
Just got home from work. What possessed me to leave my DS at home today? Boringest day ever. Also, I forgot to charge my phone. 
My Macguyver cat is trying to eat my Wii  Goddangit
Really.... Naruto really sucks.... What am I supposed to do with my life now?! 
Playing Pokemon platinum. :] but its a level grind... 
Looks like the Dengeki article was just about the FFXI version update and not a possible PS3 port. 
I tried to go to sleep but its too hot and I can't get my mind off of inFAMOUS.  I guess I will be staying up a while longer 
@thevowel the DS version sucks 
Morning all: Looks like no Nintendo Gameboy phone 
Epic ocd moment? I deleted my sims file that i spent hours building just because i set his favorite food wrong 
Sometimes I wish I had my own Prototype mentor. 
Oh MAN !! I was going to connect my old school Nintendo to play mario games. And is not in the bag I gotta search for it. 
I hate Fallout 3 it keeps making me jump, I'm also low on health, money, ammo and food  don't worry I'll get through it.
@Oblivion I know! I miss her... 
Really wishes he had some spare cash to buy the new Punch Out for Wii 
@spryken ah, I'm so sorry it  I played a game of PSP with my friend tonight, and returned a while ago.
i lost my nintendogs, it's very upsetting. 
@causticsoda it was fine. i was still up playing inFamous. sorry to hear how things ended up again 
WOW, got killed on first wave of Horde on Gears. FAIL 
@SEGA why not united kingdom 
Anyone have a Super Nintendo Controller they want to sell me? Mine broke. 
@danosphere It's a beautiful MN day, but I'm stuck inside playing Zelda.  I've gotta play at least 10 hrs. today.  
@DARRENJ0NES ooh ouch!   lovely weather but damn! cover up sugar! x
Darn it my DS died    x
@DARRENJ0NES you poor thing   *hug*  plenty of aloe gel in summer eh?
grrh  wii remote dead.. no multiplayer here tonight
dammit - I slept in; now I have even less weekend to enjoy  - off to Azeroth bbl!
mail came, still no inFAMOUS 
why wont the wii get Paperboy on virtual console 
@SEGA small? we cant choose? 
really wants to go see AI tonight. 
I just want to watch my Naruto Shippuuden missed episodes. 
DotA is an addiction...i waste 6-7 hours playing dota 
Okay, so the only reason I'm not buying this app is because I hate EA and all that it stands for. SimCity rocks though.  http://is.gd/JpMM
stupid playstation! stupid controllers don't work so I can't play kingdom hearts. 
Legend of Inotia ??????? ??????. ?????? ???????. ???? ??????? 31? ?????, ????? ?????? ???. ????????? ???? ?????? ????? ??????? ?????????? 
MegaMan 2.5D... wow! Capcom please don't chuck a 'Square-Enix' and put a Cease and Desist order on this project 
I'm at the anime store iat rivercenter going crazy at all the Pokemon stuff. I wish I had money 
My preorder of the Razer Sphex shipped today. I'll be paying to review it because Razer is ignoring my emails 
@OfficialRyChris *waving* you wanna come get Diablo, he barked so much til he made himself sick 
@SamsaTSP  Nintendo is the cause, but no news when it's coming out 
Wishes we had Rockband here. I miss it. 
@nataliewalker84 Your avatar's not showing up. 
Playing Metal Gear Ac!d on PSP. Just found out someone stole my Superbad UMD. 
@ChaoofNee  I'll do better next week, sir. DLC updates all around for now on.
I'd rather enjoy starting a Naruto cosplay group....too bad none of my loser...i mean awesome freinds enjoy Naruto the way I do 
..omg my dad just got a legit job offer from Activision Blizzard. wow. I want it 
I guess 61FPS is getting subsumed into Nerve.com or something.  I wonder where it will go.
cant wait 2 c fallout3 game of year edition sucks having dial up cant have Xbox live or get DLC for Fable 2 or Fallout3  going 2 miss E3
Wishing I could download my new expansion for Fallout 3! But &quot;they&quot; are watching the basketball game 
@j9gem Sucks that you can play Wii tennis and bowling with me!  It should really be able to be played that way. 
Could someone keep me company in the Bungie.net Community forums? I feel lonely. 
About ready to shut Overlord off for a long, long time. Even with FAQs I can't figure out what I need to do here.  Sadness, cuz it's great
It seems like I have had an almost a endless supply of DSi Points, but now they are all gone. 
Still, I really hope Rockstar does another Vice City themed GTA in the future...  I wanted to play GTA VC again but it feels really dated 
@NewerDeal I have a pedometer and Nintendo DS but I didn't think about mentioning them 
@J_Monopoly  *pouts* what did i do????
Blizzcon tix go on sale @ 10am tomorrow! I NEED ONE! I hope they aren't sold out too quickly  I already started my costume...
@SunnyBuns I liked you other avatar pic  #tryingnottobeastalker
Punk ass facebook deleted my exceptionally beasty Bejeweled Blitz high score! I can't believe this sh*t! 
@Gameboy_ontheb na cuz you said at this white people party you hate me 
Depeche Mode ........... and the boys... 
Y'know, the months surrounding WotLK release my connection was so bad I levelled from 70-76 with 5-6 disconnects per game session. 
#steam why must you fail me so!  The Unreal pack is UNREAL but you won't let me add it to my cart 
Dear Xbox, u r killing me. Not only do I suffer player withdrawal but I can't pause my Live Gold subscriptn whilst it's poorly. Wasted $ 
My XBOX just punished me for neglecting him: RRoD 
@Chaoseed there need to be more ARGs 
I need to take the Nintendo DS to the repair shop. 
oh no I wanted to order this special colour DSi from japan but just read their region locked  guess a plain black one it is for me.
It's killing me sitting here waiting on furniture to be delivered when DS is playing game1 in his tourney!! 
Epic fail at trivial pursuit. I got all the questions I couldn't answer! I could answer everyone else's though 
Yay, Katie brought over her Wii and now I can play Super Mario Galaxy to my heart's content...except I don't know how to save my game! 
Wanting to play OMGPOP 
I also want to live in the world of Hyrule  or LotR or any other cool fantasy world. It's not fair. =(
#flylady purchased the gift cards, 1stds10's Nintendo DS not working, now have to get in touch with Nintendo so they can fix it 
radu! dupudadu! I love Klonoa! tis a shame the games so short  i want them to remake Klonoa 2 as well &gt;_&lt;
I really want to play Wii 
adam just woke me up to go to the KoF tournament.... i hate when people wake me up during a good sleep but i promised i'll go 
Xbox 360 red ringed. I don't know what I'm going to do. 
@Bearskopff From the vid, you can see how awful LBP looks. 
saw Sony pulled a Chris Paladino on the Qore video w/ the psp go just before E3. 
Wii fit told me I was obese 
PSP go Cmon guys follow me please im friend less  lol 
Blizzcon tickets look a bit out of reach  pretty dissapointed
Blizzcon sold out. 
Blizzcon sold out 
No Blizzcon 2009 for me or the boy. Sadness  #Blizzconfail
I got under 3000 in line for Blizzcon. But now it's sold out. 
http://twitpic.com/69qlo - Awww... Shockwave Plug-in crash. How cute... and sad 
@godfatherobie arg, just bought a PSP3000, where do my UMDs go? 
@strybe same here... I still have slight hope that is is all a diversion for the drop of a proper PSP2... But that is just slim hope now 
Really frustrated that Wii still doesn't support anything hight than Flash 7  I really want to use it to watch Hulu
Really want an inFamous costume for Home. 
Is intrigued by the new PSP, pissed off with his win7 test machine not having sound and seething by his incredibly bad back 
can you see my avatar? I can't!! 
Wow, PSP Go revealed in Qore. Not too impressed. 
Missed the Blizzcon Q again, 
Paizo could do so much more with its online presence. I wish they'd have hired me. 
@valenbfm i'm not upset about the roleplaying.  i'm really not.
due to an impulse buy of a DSi, the original impulse buy of headphones shall be going back 
@skeeterpod - I know.  It doesn't seem to like my avatar.
again without avatar 
@Pikmin said a stupid thing to a man I like 
out of the gaming loop 
Playing the speed version of Monopoly and in drawing properties, he already acquired one! 
Why is my PSP always dead when I want to use it? 
just thought i'd throw a shout-out to the Sega Genesis!! Sonic the Hedgehog and Aladin the Game were awesome!!!  miss those 
@algonacchick @alyankovic was at Botcon today?! Aw damn. I should have asked @Neosquirrel to get me an autograph. 
big mistake earlier I should have tooken the bus to see the  DS girls &amp;&amp; my favv breanna &amp; jackyyy I miss them dearly. land of the lost 
@lesterpolfus But you were going to start 2 hours ago :O, And my DS just died 
@klimpong It definitely is, unfortunately I need to have cache disabled during dev 
@vmbstudios I wouldn't know, @solarsistir turned off the game to play Wii.  
I played Rockband for about 6 hours all by myself, kinda boring, I wish my peeps were here with me.... 
@scumm_boy So, like GTA4?    I'll have to give it a shot.  I forgot that I finished all the FPSs I own.  
Wants to watch more Anime like Shuffle, but can't find any more 
If I knew World of Warcraft was online only I wouldn't have bought it. 
i want to make an artbook 
So which Blazblue should I get?  PS3 is HDMI and looks gorgeous. XBL has a better community 
finally got around to playing the original GoW. I'm thru the first 3 acts, and I gotta say, the gameplay bores me 
Chris is taking Rockband!    I'm going to have to go purchase Rockband 2 for the Wii!
Feeling under the weather  Playing LOTRO. Breaking my vow of hate for MMOs.
@mrjiff lol! What is the PSP Go like?? Ive heard a little bit about it. I wish I was going to E3 
this year Sony didn't organize any promos for new PSP? Sad. Was thinking to win another psp again 
@b50 thats the worst part of PSP.u shell out a bomb to get that thing,and then u pay for downloadin games for it. 
PSP Go... slightly disappointing! 
so it also turns out the Punkbuster and FRAPS (my favorite fps counter) are incompatible 
@shiraabel When will we see the Cube here though? Not for at least a year, I reckon 
My avatar!!!!!  Where is it
@Syrana yeah me too  Some good cosplayers that make their costumes actually take orders from their website. If one was Warcraft specific..
Steam cake &amp; banana for breakfast 2.0. FY(K)I (k for kind!) tht happens 2 b @ around 11 am! But heck, no latte    #ammarules!
Going to have to live a month without my Xbox 360   Copy of &quot;Viva Pinata&quot; just arrived too!
Arggg EA has failed me yet again.  Never mind secure rom...one of the few games I'm drooling over is not avail for a platform I have  GRRR
Listening to @feliciabarton 's No One performance on AI again. Wish there could be a studio version 
Just saw a teaser vid 2 NFS Shift: It's gonna be crap and EA are necrophile bastards raping the corpse of an former good game 
@paulpuddifoot your pic/avatar is gone 
No fanfare when you hit 2000 points in Wii Tennis? 
just saw a pink DS lite w/ pink leather case for 6k only.. i want it badly! 
just seen the leaked pics of sonys new PSP Go! its freaking beautiful. I want one 
@campfireburning If they released Shenmue 3 for PS3 then I would buy the machine just to play it.  MMOs are gaming cancer 
I wouldve gotten Scion Xb if it's available here in Germany.  But it's not  So I got myself a Daihatsu Materia. I'm also very contented.
@Yellowshirts ok ok i can work with dat bt im nt playing Halo  argh has my life hit a plateau or wat!! must go on tour! b4 i become normal
@Icege I'll be back at midnight, maybe before if the flight goes pretty fast.  No KOF/Blazblue 
Xbox360 is dead. Red ring of death !! oh well it was good while it lasted 
@sky14kemea I might be getting it, but I only have a Wii 
@ERINERNIE awwww im classified as a gamer now? 
Crysis Warhead is shitting me, I'm trying to chase this container while on a hovercraft and I get lost all the time 
I'm worried that my Xbox Elite passed on to Xbox heaven 
Its cold freezing cold! And my husband is addicted to World of Warcraft. 
going to be dreaming AI waypoint based pathfinding algorithms all night... 
Just completed #bioshock  fucked off now, I can't go back and complete to 100% correct me if I'm wrong, which I hope I am
G: I would have liked to play Fallout 3, but it uses SecuROM.   
AI == massive fail at this rate 
@shanastarship  sim 3 download is not working correctly. hopefully when the game is released a better one will come out. too many bugs 
@AceyBongos I couldnt get on with Fallout  i didnt download the dlc becuase i wanted to try the game out ill be taking it back to game
@crunchytoasty Even the maximum possible - 2400 - elicits no fanfare on Wii Tennis. 
lost 14 bucks on Mahjong. 
Halo Wiki article and Kotaku =   
omfg, just broke my DS 
@ian262 One of them is. I only have one Mii friend 
@bradleyyyyy Not hearing from his best friend for days does a depression create for MGS. 
PSP Go pics, details and specs leaked before E3 http://tinyurl.com/m7vb85 I'll be honest, bit disappointed 
Streetfighter 4 is even hard on easiest 
Mad because GDC chat got cancelled. 
@MLG_Random try to get on 2nite cause I got a long essay to write 
@DokiAmy Plus (lol po+) I'll try to get us MGS PSOne classics, as you can install it on like 5 devices... Hopefully it'll be out in time. 
Epic fail....nvr again... 
I feel a bit down that I couldn't make it to this year's Botcon. 
I suck at Halo 3    Dammit!
Noticed my work unblocked Gamespot.com yesterday. I hate the site but sadly my only way to read E3 goodness. 
got 67% of the trophies for infamous, after this next playthrough, i will probs only have 1 or 2 to get...2 shards missing too 
MAY have gone a bit over the top, making it my life's ambition to beat Richie at Wii tennis yesterday. Now I have a sore arm 
@julioanta just left my house, back to Rockband alone  I guess I'm staying home tonight unless I'm invited out.
@RomulusFlood by the time I had money for a PSP the slim was all that was available. I hacked it and then my dpad broke. 
okay stopped playing Mahjong .. computer was cheating 
I've lost all most all inspiration for Runescape.. With 319 days of members left!!! Why can't you transfer members to another account? 
@katie5608 @ibbored I wish I had a Wii 
I want my DS!! 
watching these DORKS play Halo. I dont know how to play 
SEGA's Internet Adventure, aka iA, that associated virtual worlds to internet sites, closes on July, 31st  http://tr.im/mZKJ (ja)
Just got done P90X, GOW now. I think I might b sick 
Really disappointed with the deadliest warrior  taliban shoulda won... RPG can demolish a tank but not a group of Irishmen!
Sonic charges for cups of water?! I just found this out and it ashames me 
There is nothing sadder than a Sonic that you notice is abandoned right as you pull into it. 
Wii says I gained back .4 pounds 
@BinaryTweedDeej The IGN Pick list is on the xbox 360 dashboard in yankeedoodle land.. not for us brits yet 
Running optimizer for my new EA on 9 main currency pairs. Each optimization runs for about 11 hours 
@Yooner sorry, I'm not a dev. 
@Dits I really want to get my hands on Prototype, but from the 11th-19th I've got 6 bio and chem A level papers 
@heymarkd hey, SM your # again!  Steam crashed... 
is annoyed he missed the second sale of BlizzCon tickets! 
@colossalblue me too  just close your eyes an imagine sweaty BO, lots of noise, fanboys and Jack Tretton &quot;unexpectadly&quot; announcing PSP GO
I just don't feel like me without an avatar 
I hate getting up at 530am every day. Especially since I was playing Sega Genesis til 130am 
I can't find , there is only the Demo version 
awww the playstation network Uncharted 2 competition is for US residents only 
@idiom don't worry, I still play Neopets. 
@AceyBongos  yeh been getting the same from people i have met in chat.majornelson.com  but im of to  @Eurogamer_Expo but its no e3 
new race pro DLC is horrible. crappy american cars and claims of 3 tracks but two of them are just alt routes of one already in the game. 
I HATE the direction Codemasters have taken with the new Colin McRae Dirt game. Graphically it looks immense but asides frpom that, meh. 
is on his DSi and unable to sleep 
@mojosmobile Twittix v1.1 is crashing and not loading avatar's correctly or not at all 
Epic calculation fail! 
@Angrybeth you should check out http://zxspectrum.net for more retro fun. No Ultimate Games  though as Rare own the copyright 
Its all about PAX though, wtb ticket plz 
@Coombsy1989 Squenix needs to just do better all around. everything they put out thats NOT FF related is a joke (see, last remnant  )
@suzzopher MGS4 without MGO is like Mario Galaxy without planets. Shame really, I'd love to see it fixed up for Xbox Live. 
@seeson No EA for me....they did not feel the need to invite us    Oh well, almost at Union Station and then on a bus to the LACC
@AndrewHagiwara Naruto is so good  I've watched a little just because I've passed by it in TV. Gundam looks scary
Looking forward to Microsoft's #e3 conf. today. Hopefully it'll be better than last years efforts. I'm sure Ninty will let me down again 
I wanna go home and play inFamous 
@escambia Oh Trowa, I miss him. I wish he was in Gundam Musou 2 
#EA Active eat my coffee this AM. I am one cup low 
@gen224 That's either very sweet or very scary. 
@JasonBradbury  ha just been looking at pics &amp; vid of the new PSP (Go) Sony fails (again) at Ergonomics 101 
The Gamespot conf feed comes with a cool countdown timer. I can't take my eyes off it. Why couldn't I get an earlier doctors appointment? 
1st day with the girls while Shanda's back to work. We miss her 
Can't Nintendo and Sony switch conference time slots tomorrow? 
just came back from lunch, had some mexican pizza? hahaha breana and alex attacked the fries. Tetris is blocked 
Craigslist is my new GameStop. Playing Skate 2 during my lunch, this use to be &quot;market research&quot; but now it's &quot;guilty pleasures&quot;. 
@lucasartsgames YAY for monkey island  but how come no PSN support? 
@empika yeah boo on no PSN support  PC will do me just fine though ..and new monkey island  YAYY
@Chrismorris528 im watching the live feed through Gamespot. sadly i cant go to e3. 
@andrevivian It's just gonna be the PSP and a few exclusive games 
Up in LA for #E3. EA press event at 2pm then Ubisoft at 4pm. Floor opens tomorrow. Xbox event starting at 10:25am but no invite 
It's going to be chinese take-away. Rockstar didn't help! 
I want to be at #E3 with @coollike  Nintendo ftw.
AHHH! The stream from Xbox.com still isn't showing up! 
@Whagi_The_Gamer Stream never fecking started for me 
Just installed Silverlight and now i can't load IGN 
@Kikirowr you went back to your old avatar...  I liked the real you
wow, okay...randomly, just now, really wanted to play 4-player Starfox 64 on a big-screen tv with pals from college.  I miss that. 
@Mindez Like I just tweeted Gamespot are catching up and Xbox own site has a stream too that loads... and then nothing 
Wow, IGN's live feed of E3 is really laggy...   Switched over to G4's live feed.
quests are NOT working except for the 6/1 one  http://plurk.com/p/xphs1
Woo, finally got on the Gamespot Microsoft E3 Conference Live Stream! Gametrailers also looks to be coming online. Missed Rockband tho 
Ugh, now IGN is stuttering too. Not being there is friggin' killing me 
Recommend any E3 streaming server? IGN is down    #E3
MW2 looks awesome as expected....  too bad the IGN live video feed keeps dying on me.   guess I'll have to watch it on G4 tonite
Spring 2010 for FFXIII is a long wait  #xboxe3
FFXIII Release on 2010???? 
E3: Oh no! the D'bag(sorry) from Epic is having mic problems   ....Xbox 360, its awesome bra, go kill some ****.
What the fuck? Left 4 Dead 2? :| Valve got screwed there 
Ahhh so THAT was Valve's secret  game! (via @stevetilley) which one?? 
@spr33 Is it JUST for Xbox? 
I want to go home and play zelda 
@ericford Aye. You should. First RPG I beat since FF7 crushed my ability to love RPGs 
I missed the Crackdown 2 vid. Lappy cocked up 
Epic fail from IGN LIVE FEED!!! 
Another Halo Oo... Wasn't 3 and Wars bad enough 
@thedarkdays I know  no new DLC, fuck buying at launch again
@OXM A ton of squeals/prequels/all-in-the-same-universe stuff. What happened to innovation 
The Halo: Reach trailer went over like a brick   --TopaZ #xboxe3
@DPAD_Magazine last.fm wins because they go world wide.. 
hollyyy shit Xbox360 on last fm, facebook and twitter!!! Social media geeeeeeeeek is in loveee...please follow suit sony 
@richard4481 Gutting isn't. Sonys show tomorrow better be good... 
omg wtf , this is worse than ff coming to 360 , why they need MGS 
Halo stuff looks cool. I missed the Crackdown 2 and Left 4 Dead 2 stuff, though. 
OH MY GOD. There's Wii in my 360. Even the promo video looks like a Wii-advertisement. They can't be f'ing serious.  #e3
@NeoGAF is dead, sadly 
#xboxe3 I was hoping an XNA announcement might've been shoehorned into here... 
Thanks to Lionhead studios, we are one step closer to having Hall 9000 computers. 
@etod woah, that sharing stuff sounds awesome.  and ACK I missed the Halo preview?!   
Reading about #XboxE3 - #Natal announced finally so now I can talk about it! Just wish I was still at Rare so I could play with it 
watching b.g.f (best guy friend) play guitar hero: metallica on Xbox360.  dude has no life.  so sad 
@fragma Just saw that your Xbox died.  I am going through withdrawal. Been playing a lot of PS3 &amp; Wii, tho.
And I overreacted. No MGS4 for 360. 
@hellogreentea next MGS on 360, crackdown 2, L4D2, 'project natal' motion tracking crapola, molyneux makes a boy, halo: reach, no jallard 
just to clarify the WEP code is the one i use to connect to my internet? coz if it is it didn;t like it and wouldn;t connect on the DS 
NOOOOOOOOOOOO! The EA press conference starts in a half hour and I have to go to work!! They're going to show Mass Effect 2 
@rpgdude my spanish aren't that good  I know MGS Rising is probably multiformat but I still haven't found any official confirmation. #e3
E3 is so disappointing to watch, it's because I only have a WII, Nintendo is no longer on top 
Finally figured out how to access the internet on my Nintendo DSi. That took forever and it was so easy 
@torontothumbs Really. I think they marketed Wii Music more than they marketed Metroid Prime 3. That makes me a sad panda. 
@Exactly 200 hours on Pokemon Diamond... And only 311/493 in my Pokedex 
Likewise if PSP-Go is an indication of the way the gaming market is going to a download culture the second hand market doesn't look good 
sorry Actizzard but I still like EA more than you 
Daw, I have to go to living room now.  Ah well, not like I buy much EA games.
o boooooooo have been told off by LEGO  www.lego-jewellery.co.uk infringes LEGO trademark, its only for my lego jewellery 
Aw they're doing they're mimicing Ubisoft's little girl oriented conference of last year 
@HID_Edgar Sure thing man. Wish I could semi-live blog the EA presser too, but I'm busy the rest of the day. 
All good Xbox 360 news from E3, but I'm bummed that we have to wait until fall for the NXE updates 
EA &quot;Girls&quot; is insulting to me. 
@EA  I wish I was there... *sniff* an M3.  Hot.
Bioware are the only thing worth a damn in the EA briefing so far. Still worried about Dragon Age, though. Looks so... generic.  #e3
@CorvusE What did EA do? I'm not at E3 
@summertea Aa, MGS was never Sony exclusive, only MGS4 was.  Really curious to see what MGSR is going to look like. Nothing out yet 
@jordanhowell lol only a PSP, had a game boy but my cousin lost it  &amp; theres a N64 around
@rockbigdave I WANT AN XBOX   
@Nerf933 I want tix!!! 
@robby1051 Cuz I dont like EA torturing 
Why do I get sick so often?   I'm coughing and have a runny nose.  I'm tired.  I want to lay in bed and watch DBZ but it won't come today.
no suda at EA presser 
Online waiting for Ubisoft press conference. Assassin's Creed 2 maybe? E3 security won't let anyone besides press use cameras until day 3 
Prototype looks cool  
@JonathanEx i think the PSP Go looks like a squished PSP, shame Sony stuff normally looks nice! 
Number of cherries in my cherry limeade from Sonic ZERO 
(@bodbod said something untweetable about the EA girls range.) He also wants you to know he thinks Brutal Legend looks funny. No snacks 
@G4TV The Microsoft conference was absolutely unbelievable... but still no GOLDENEYE on XBLA!   #e3
I hope all these new Xbox LIVE addons (twitter facebook lastfm) come out in Canada. We still don't have netfilx 
#xboxe3 I missed the live video feed, I need to catch up with GameTrailers but another new Halo! But it'a not Bungy 
xboxe3 I missed the live video feed, I need to catch up with GameTrailers but another new Halo! But it'a not Bungy 
- Wish there had been more Mass Effect 2 in EA's press conference.  #e3 #ea #masseffect2
@thatpeskylimey no probs. I'm working on GTAIV at the mo but I've only played about 30mins since I got it last week 
I wanted to win a DSi   I tried so hard IGN.  I am sad.
Cavaliers.. The best start and such a bad finish  Next year you will be in the finals! Forza Magic ;]
@MagicJames What about Uncharted 
Wishing I had my beefed up pc with me to make sweet memorable GTA movies again 
Anyone got a stable Ubi videofeed? Not having much luck with Gamespot #e3 #ubisoft #xboxe3 
@AlexCurlyhairs isn't it?! It's for Xbox360  does anton know if it's for ps3?
The Ubi host is not funny at all, he should stop trying... 
@G4TV To be honest I wasn't that thrilled about their announcements. Ubisoft really let me down 
@RetroStudios Stop teasing us already, ok? Announce a 2D/3D Metroid or a new Zelda right now. Or both! 
GameStop informed me The Sims 3 is there for me to pick up tomorrow. Too bad I don't have a gaming 'puter to play it on. 
is writing more music! still no demo 
@rjbunch That sucks, man  Epic fail!
is shocked that Valve is releasing Left 4 Dead 2 at the end of this year! That's only 1 year of development... this feels like a cash-in. 
Did they show a trailer for Ubisoft's Avatar game? I missed it if they did  #e3
@Cam_Dog I stopped watching at 9, it's not worth my time  I want to see games that weren't at the Xbox one.
@xAriellex13 hahahahhaha i kno  its very addicting!~
Waiting for sims3 to come to walmart....The EA site teases me by telling me its downloadable now 
Red Rings of Death Xbox 360 Towel Trick - Windows Opration System: My Xbox got the RROD  I did the towel trick.. http://bit.ly/5Fk8q
I'm back home now. Spent 40 minutes on Wii Fit/Wii Sports.  I hate gaining weight.
@mechangel Rumour is that your APB game that you were looking for the trailer for is no longer coming to 360  http://digg.com/u14b6T
@RageMario god I hope Nintendo's conference doesn't suck 
Ubisoft started bad...started to look great cant wait for Conviction...now onto the casual games....  bring the good games please
Cancel my last, I still suck at CoD4 and all FPS 
Wow! The new Razer Mamba mouse shown at E3 looks pretty damn nice! Bet it will be costly over here, though. 
received Beckett Massive Online Gamer magazine in the mail. got a shardtail dragon for my wizard in wizard101. no stat bonus on dragon 
Nintendo E3 presser tomorrow. 9am pst/Noon est. i think i have a meeting at that time so no live tweeting for me. 
is loving my Wii Active yet sore already 
Played 1 vs 100 on XBox Live for 2 hours! It said I won credits to buy games, but none were found.  in White H... http://loopt.us/VNS84Q.t
@thecraigmcrae No it didn't, I had to DL the live linux too  sad day. but the new Hero build has the new homescreen rosie UI.
Re-pinging @Bryan000: Marvel V Capcom  damn comeon playstation store...--Should've gotten a 360.
Bring on Red Faction Guerrilla.  Actually we've had copies for awhile, but our XBox stopped reading discs. 
@spyker3292 yeah. I went on amazon to check out some of the games. Uncharted 2 still doesn't have the option  for release date delivery
I can't get to sleep  so I'm playing Nintendo...
Xbox broke  having to buy new one. Target run!
waiting 4 a gears multiplayer to load.  *sigh*  it sux wen u have no frenz 
Just watched the new Old Republic MMO trailer from E3.  Bioware can make a video.  I really wish it was a single player KOTOR 3 though 
@faralcane Halo: Reach? ...wait is this E3 week?? I just got home!! 
My FFXI keyboard seems to hate FFXI 
On the last boss of inFamous. Wanted to collect all the shards, but I'm impatient. 
I get jealous of EverQuest 2 players (shinyglowyweapons!) until I notice they all look like waxen corpses. No wonder they wear helmets 
so disappointed that MGS is coming to 360, but it is not MGS4, and isn hardly MGS at all considering character change 
Wondering how to tell son the Lego Battles DS game he's been waiting 2 months for is not coming.... there's a &quot;delay in obtaining stock&quot; 
I let someone borrow my Nintendo DS and it and all my games were stolen. 
Off to geo  Epic sadness. @asleepylee got you some ice lolly pencils 8D.
I forgot that at the end of the day, Sony has Team Ico. I need a PS3. 
@chickenykira You know me too well. I made that post before I went to try and buy it anyway. Getting it thurs. Pokemon Platinum is $70 
@wakito you changed your avatar 
@LtRandazzo with this and the supposed new Left 4 Dead 2 when there's plenty of room for DLC with both games. 
I guess Twittier doesn't like my new avatar 
I predicted Forza3 would be at e3 and amaze, nice. ODST looks same old, shame. Creed2 set in shite time  but new SW:Tor trailer is all wow
@Scabard Hold up - Halo is Halo; it's Awesome. NO arguments.. plus Reach sounds interesting (but probably still no chief  )
Can't wait for the Nintendo and Sony E3 press conferences. MS was ok but no word from Mistwalker  Rain in Bangkok...MTC out
i miss my PSP 
EB Games has all the Sims 3 games in stock, but won't release. Even though other stores are, and NZ had Sims 3 since yesterday 
@BigMikeyP I havent been ontop of the latest DLC lately, been up and down to london as well as doing extra hours in work  slacker #XboxE3
Just realised in replying to @ElTanner that this is the first E3 in my life that I've not been anticipating Nintendo's keynote. At all. 
I'm thinking of getting the game called Wii. But that means I would have to break a sweat.. 
The new PSP looks crap!  Such a disappointment after the conceot pics that were floating around 
Fucking virus on my computer meant NO work was done last night  However, I did beat @ilmv (ben) at Wii bowling! 
yal see that beyonce music video Halo. thats exactly how he lookd at me, breaks my heart, feel so baaad. 
@ukgamers I always meant to get than for Dreamcast.. never did 
@BornToEnd i know, those poor people  yup deffo would use Natal as an excuse to hit people lol i have issues.
Of to work I go...it sucks that I'm going to miss Nintendo's conference 
The Old Republic trailer made me want to play KOTOR. Except I only have intel leopard machines, and KOTOR won't work on them. 
@mattholomew I hope it's not, just so I have something to play on it.  Also, Zelda.
@MrJoshh help i need a break  the stress is getting to me. Halo at 2 please for 30 mins or so? x x x
@CNCNZcom I think Apoc confirmed on the official forums that there will be no new C&amp;C announcements at E3. 
AAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHH! I just realized that I lost my Dreamcast in the divorce!! 
Just watched the Halo 3 ODST and Halo Reach trailers at 720p. Why do they make me wait 
@cmykdorothy I'm partial to this one. @NikkiMK has banned me from ThinkGeek though.    http://twurl.nl/bwef8e
@madjackmcmad I saw explosions and escape pods, hold me  Also, GOTY 2010, calling it now.
#xboxe3 I missed the live video feed, I need to catch up with GameTrailers but another new Halo! But it'a not Bungy 
I wish the Nintendo coverage for E3 didn't start at noon. I have to go get my brother from school then... 
World of Warcraft Patch  3.1.2, no funciona battlenet 
@TheSims3 I pre-ordered from Gamestop with guaranteed day of delivery and it still hasn't shipped.  I'm nervous I won't get it today.
No flat on horse track  Downloading Psychonauts now to compensate. Xbox takes 110% of my bandwidth.
In all the E3 madness, I forgot about Conan!  LAST CHANCE for Nintendo today (Noon ET) and can Sony steal the show from Microsoft (2 ET)?
Still skimming through yesterday's E3 news but haven't seen any MMO news 
Wishing I was at home so I can watch the Nintendo conference at #E3! Sucks that I'm at school right now! 
averaging 1 post a month! lol! I wish I had my Xbox360 
Epic bad dream.  officially freaked out to get my wisdom teeth out on the 8th.
I'm going to miss Nintendo's #E3 press conference... have to go out again... 
Watching Nintendo's E3 spot. So far, sucks. 
c'est le tour de Wii Fit. Wii Fit Online ? Old 
Nintendo: &quot;Okay thanks guys Mario was our core game for the year and now we're onto the casual stuff cya later!&quot; #e3 
going to the gym, going to miss Nintendo's conference  I'll catch up and post news as I get it.
@alexalbrecht They will do nicely to keep the clap off their new releases. The Wii is dead tho, nice experiment they had  long live M$
Just give us Zelda already   #e3 Nintendo
golden sun ds! WOOT! new mario rpg! oh man great DS line up, too bad Wii has nada 
Well, Kingdom Hearts for Wii is cool I suppose, and the new Mario and Luigi RPG...but damn, Nintendo is fucking up.  #E3
The Nintendo spokeswoman needs to lower her left arm. She reminds me of a disapproving teacher. 
That's it! No Miyamoto or Pokemon though. 
BAN the Nintendo E3 conference is over   
I'm not going to be the first one to say it but...Nintendo, you've let all the &quot;adult&quot; gamers down...... 
Everyone's Game. #Nintendo #E3  Presscon is over. No announcement on a Nintendo phone! 
New Super Mario Bros Wii, Super Mario Galaxy 2, Metroid: Other M, Wii Sports Resort, Wii Fit Plus ^^, helaas geen zelda trailers 
Team Ninja (DOA) developing Metroid!? Samus Aran's suit will have breast physics. j/k. Looks good--still no new IP's. No Miyamoto  #e3
Where is the Zelda?  #E3
@g4tv Metroid and Mario Galaxy 4 kinda saved the day... But while the motion plus and heart monitor thing are interesting my Wii weeps.  
End of conference, so no Pikmin 3 or New Zelda 
End of conference, so no Pikmin 3 or New Zelda? 
When the footage started rolling I really thought Metroid was a Metroidvania 2D style game. Still looks pretty good. Metroidvania  #E3
Wheres my Zelda 
Nothing impressive from Nintendo at E3. 
wtf Nintendo...way to fail. 
Alright, so good things from the Big N: &quot;New Super Mario Bros Wii,&quot; &quot;Golden Sun DS,&quot; Mario Galaxy 2 and new Metroid game. No new Zelda 
@Codinthepocket Team ninja _ Nintendo = no blood or OTT violence... 
I'm crying inside because the Nintendo presser was 4 blocks from me &amp; I couldn't be there 
Nintendo Press conference was pretty dumb sadly 
&quot;If you want to play games, you need PlayStation&quot; says PlayStation CEO Jack Tretton. I guess I cant play games anymore then 
#Nintendo # E3 Starting to not care about Nintendo at all 
I think I know what happened to all those unsold Sony Mylo's - they got turned into PSP GO!'s  #e3
I predict it now, a MGS PSP  #E3
on PSP! damn, gonna have to get a new PSP. mine is broken! 
#e3 #sony No mention of the console MGS being multi-plat...  Why, Kojima-san?  Why!?
I so lost the little touch I had in Halo 3 
@plannersusanna fitness schmitness lol. am soooo lazy  will look into EA Sports forthwith if you say it's good! x
Wow....GOW3 looks fantastic..not out until Mar 2010 tho  #jtv http://justin.tv/killergp123
@Whagi_The_Gamer I thought that 
I had better stop twatting about on here and go and reply to the LEGO(r)  lady's email 
Microsoft and Sony have replicated and improved on your techonology.  Goodbye Nintendo, you have failed. 
I bought Sims 3 Collector's Edition today.. But now I have almost no money left and currently no job 
#e3 well i would say MS is the big winner of the E3, sony made some nice impressions of its new psp and what about Nintendo??  we'll see..
Sony press event at #E3 happened. Lots of amazing new games, a weird new PSP, a motion (wii) wand, and no 3D   http://bit.ly/quOto
FFXIV would be better with x360, and xbox live. Ps3 is lame.  
I noticed FFXIV was mentioned in trending topics, and I am still sad that I don't have any of the consoles to play that or FFVIII on. 
Wow. Bullshit. Xbox gets Raiden and PS3 gets Snake. 
@UndeadDoG Amen to that. I don't want to get up off the couch, if I did, I'd buy a Wii 
@Rappelz_Game  MMMMmmmm harpies seem quite popular on lydian but not wolves  an i feel reaal bad killin them puppies ;)
#GAMING: Enhanced Monkey Island is back with new episodes on PC, Wii &amp; Xbox, no mention of PS3  http://tinyurl.com/qpqhsz
Arggghhh, I've had repeated difficulty in merging my old GAP account with my PSN account...my old email got an Uncharted 2 mp invite.  #e3
@savasavasava I LOVE Halo 3! I suck, tho. T_T played all year long and didn't make any improvement. How sad. 
@SpectacleG I got an invite from IGN but it's US only so I can't join in. 
New Mario &amp; Luigi RPG coming this fall  No word on Zelda?  http://bit.ly/6ZqCF
OR the original Pokemon not the super convulted news ones. like Indigo league pokemon  I miss good not crappy cartoon shows.
@misswired awww but my Zelda tuned ring tone was so awesome 
Nintendo presentation .. was.. a deception  Who's that girl!!!! She was just ANOYING!
3:10am, can't sleep due to heat. Fan's burnt out due to overkill last year  Might go on desktop and play Bejeweled 2, doubt I'll sleep...
E3 news: I have to wait until 2010 for FF13 and GOW....bummer 
fuckin grades make me want go to bed n not wake up lol two b's n two c'-s most would thank tats good grades but L use to Bplus n As 
@iclayway No dual joysticks = No I'm not. It's just a gameboy on steroids. 
Blizzard.. why do you hate me so.. 
@JJMcQuade Oh, LoL... my bad.  I didn't get that it was a MMO.  TFU was a first player action game.  Bummer that it's a MMO.  
@eyers I MISSED IT!  I had to go out shopping for groceries (stupid needing to eat), so I missed most of Sony's... incl. FFXIV! 
@Falchion i love RPGs / sims &amp; strategy so why it is I could never really &quot;get&quot; The Sims series? 
Peggle, you my only friend.   
Oh crap that means no shoes or hair stuff or jewellery for formal. And no jonas posters for a full month+  and no Wii!!! Aaaagghhh
On that note, however, I believe I have earned some time reading.  I'd rather play Civ, but it is too late. 
@mskathy awww your avatar is hiding 
But gaddamit! FFXIV is soooo freaking pretty.  http://tinyurl.com/pqaonw I hate you Squenix.
@JJMcQuade The PSP is still 250?  That's nuts.    I want a PSP Go, now.
@deniseology Good game, but I'm sad that it's turned into a DLC-fest. EA screws us again! 
Pinball killed me tonight.   at least there's still friends
@BarbaraBoser hmmm, another reason to want a Wii and with a 5yo in the house, another reason to not get one 
@heythereimtori I got Wii the morning it came out to avoid the rush. I don't have much for it though.  It's mostly lame.
@Jenreynolds25 but then i can challenge you on wii... 
Just been watching some E3 videos on Gamespot... I really want an Xbox 360 
Left infamous at richies house  but I  played the uncharted 2beta and it was awesome. Also bought ff7 cus it's on PSN now for $10 yay!!!!
We played Diablo for an hour or two. I think she is bored 
Interwebz connection died  Graduation practice tomorrow, but first have to pay my library fine. $68 for a book we didn't even use.
@sweet19 Totally! My nephew has one too! &amp; my brother bought a Nintendo DS for himself. I wanna buy one, but my mum won't let me... 
Playing with my Wii missing alyse  love ya 
@Thomas_Ward No Kid Icarus  but with 2 Mario's,Metroid,Golden Sun and a new Zelda for the Wii I'm still happy.How about you ?
@gone_walk_about No, the Wii just aggravated everything.  So did the heavy working out, so I have to lay of EVERYTHING  
no AION beta key.... *snif* 
@officialcharice wish i was there to watch u sing Halo  hehe.
Drinking &quot;brewskis&quot; (post-post-ironically) and playing Burst Limit with @ViralPenguin because my PS2 controller is broken so no Budokai 3 
What's more disturbing from E3? Peter Molyneux's &quot;Milo&quot;, Nintendo's &quot;Wii-citement monitor&quot; or the announced Tom &amp; Jerry MMO? Can't decide 
@LuvableSole how or where to get them  i want FFVII-8-9 and 3 LOL
@ryushidude ehhh... you know what I'm like with PSP-based MGS's.. 
dissapointed with the nintendo and Playstation e3 keynote  - actually i'm lying, i'm pleased they were so bad
dl US Aion beta but its going slow 
@gbfans No release on the Xbox tho 
another amazing video from FFXIII...wish i was part of the Square enix's design team  http://tinyurl.com/q22qb9
going to selayang tonight to dine with brother doctor. will be missing my dear Harmonix in performance at choral fest.  I love you kids!
@tehwateva eh, btw, my Tokyoflash died on me. no lights. I didnt drop it or anything. why ah 
I really wish i could play the Uncharted 2 Beta 
Playing Wii with my nephews...sure tiring seh. Right arm now aching 
@daggerstab My recent experiences with EA DRM showed me that pirates and thieves get a better experience than paying customers. 
@KrystalSim Currently jonesing for the Sims 3 and overlord 2. Just sent Xbox off for repairs. RROD 
Project Natal, Monkey Island, Mario Galaxy 2, and now Perfect Dark on XBLA.  A cracking E3!  Pity I'm too busy to play any of these games 
Playing pokemon just isnt the same without @JarZ around 
Nintendo showing Metroid's face in the debut trailer?! You've changed Ninty, you've changed 
Slept all evening again, bah. Dentist this afternoon for a refilling  And OMG Natal + Mylo demo on Xbox was AMAZING! :-O
@liamgh I woudn't buy a PSP if they're ditching the UMD format 
Xbox died just as I get 2 weeks off 
I want to get Prototype, but can't  Anyone think it will be as good as it first looked, or will it be a HUGE let down?
Damn it sux Wolfenstein 3D isn't on Australian Xbox Live 
Gutted I haven't got my Uncharted 2 Beta code yet 
I was looking forward to The Sims 3. Turns out EA hates my Macbook. GMA 950 video chipset. Very Sadface. 
The new metroid looks incredible. Makes me wish I had a Wii 
@aion_ayase pleaseeeeee give me a beta keyyyy. I've bewn a betatester for so many games 
@andyg8180 I haven't been gaming too much recently either. Currently have a 5 games I own that I've never played, now featuring Oblivion! 
@ceejoy17 I Hate 'em More.  Ninakawan ako Nintendo DS. (
Doesn't look like I got an Uncharted beta code with Infamous that kind of sucks. 
@n3rin3 I want a Natal! 
@iChadman I did. It's laggy though 
Wii sports resort?  Wasn't that last year?  Dear me nintendo, everyone else pulled out the stops!  Nintendo the newest sega? 
@stalkerh I know right! But I think they might get a Wii, for the mindless arm swinging value 
@threnodycreed i sent 3 emails to joegraf no reply, there is a big thread on the forums about it. Epic has let me down 
Is annoyed with the additional Depeche Mode dates being announced, having just had our concert postponed.. and no rescheduled date yet 
@Yungon u r right. http://bit.ly/3OZAs  FFXIV will be realised as PS3, Xbox, PSP game 
It would be useful if I could remember how to play Uncharted... got into a game in 2 minutes last night... no joy today 
@MotG Short of looking at your email confirm of the sub (and adding a year), I haven't seen it. WotC's UI, as usual, needs a lot of help. 
@JustinWalden only metroid for the wii! zelda is for the DS.. boooo! 
@okgop4me I miss Sonic. 
Ensidia got Algalon down world first!. Yay..  Waiting for Aion Beta key.. 
o hai, new ontd_ai followers! i just followed back anyone with an AI-related tweet, sorry if i missed you 
@SEGA I really wish i was at E3  i will get there one day. 
at a Sonic for the first time ever, and i cant even taste it because my allergies are really bad up here 
@GeekParenting Too bad those of us with a Wii get the kiddy version of Ghostbusters. 
I really suck at pinball 
My Steam account got hijacked 
@SatansPuppet So I hear. I'm a Metroid fanatic so I might have to buy a Wii 
Game Impressions: FUEL (PS3) is okay - where's the Rumble though ? Sims 3 (MAC) - Seems I paid for a windows game with an emulator 
So unhappy when you have a dream of Sonic's cherry limeade that when you wake up all you have is a bottle of water.  
Out, out, and away. Duty calls. 
@simsquest10 Milo is great and regarding Fable I don't think were going to see much more of it! 
I really wish I knew how to get my hands on a Natal development kit 
I just saw a post on Engadget that had a pic of the Nintendo Powerglove.  I never had one. 
@margoks @carlaloo Voting for Playfish already ended. Why so soon? 
Demo files, prosecution files, code enforcement meeting at 1. So much for it being an &quot;easy friday&quot; 
and YES I Still have a Super Nintendo, Playstation 2, N64, Wii, Xbox 360, but not a PS3 
I think my husband loves his new Wii game more than he loves me. 
@Rappelz_Game wow never knew about the lucky potion bug any chance we can get another one as i used mine not realising 
@SonyPlayStation why no love for the Aussie PSN Store? We just get E3 game trailers, but no press conference 
Epic beach fail 
just found out it will be another week before my car is fixed. my poor lil Civ 
Today is pay day for me, to bad ALL of it goes to bills,debt,etc.    Be home after 10:30pm tonight. #follow friday @Microsoft_Xbox
@perideaudesigns I went to Aziagos for take out never made it to EA on a tight sked the eggplant panini was v.good. Cheesecake from where 
So, E3 2009 is over  But what a week! Loads of great announcements and new Mario, Metroid and Zelda games on the way! Awesome!
What happened to my avatar? 
I totally want not to LOVE the Old Republic...but I know that I'll be back in MMO land when it drops  but also :-D
Whoa! Sonic the Hedgehog on iPod Touch! But 6 bucks 
TRYing to purchase Plants vs Zombies through Steam, but the store page is just blank when I go to checkout 
Xbox team refuse to lend me a Natal  Seriously, what's the point of working here if you can't get all the cool toys?!
Just read the latest Game Informer. Their article on the Oddworld game that never was deeply saddened me 
@ocwiifitgal congrats.  I can't wait to do day 5.  I don't have access to the room that has my Wii tonight   so tomorrow maybe both?
@paranoidrdragon I know, but I saw the trailer and was suitably unimpressed. I think Telltale will ruin it, sadly 
JB ran out of stock of Bioshock  I'm about to buy GTA 4 special edition online though, for cheaper than the normal version..
wtf happened at the end of PGR? i wanna know the inside scoop 
Wants to get back to PlayStation SingStar, but needs new microphones. Original ones this time. 
Wow. @evil_cactus just tried Tales of Vesperia for the 360. It's an RPG, but the controls are WAY to complex to pick up easily. WTF? 
@sammisan ...lol, I just post in Pokemon General or go read the news. 
Just beat Crysis Warhead. 
the pink training bra I sent to @robinfincktwits went unnoticed.  the one @china__cat sent to @trent_reznor made him laugh!! Epic!!
My hopes of firingup my Xbox when I got home were dashed when I found out power was out 
Like an idiot I left my PSP and DSi in the seatback pocket of the plane. Called the airline, but I'll likely never see them again. 
Technical difficulties are frustrating. I really just want to play Spore 
looking after the neighbours kid tonight but he's 10 so no kiddy games..looks like im getting my arse kicked at Wii.. again 
shit, Valve asked for a playable demo and I haven't even built an installer yet 
Sony's having an event soon &amp; a lot of games you all wanted to see will be there. Let's just hope GOW3 gives other dev's breathing room. 
i am prob getting the sims 3 2mow   but i want it on computer but brother who is paying half 4 it wants it on Wii or X-box 
wish I had Netflix so I could watch season 3 of Heroes 
wishes he hadn't updated his PSP to OFW 5.50 
The PSP lineup for '09 is looking pretty solid, i might have to pick one up... But the Go is too far away 
MMk now to play some inFamous.. getting a lil tired now 
Playing Mario Kart Wii online using the &quot;Worldwide&quot; directory is SOOOOOO intimidating 
PSP-3000 is hacked. I always wonder why the fuck I sold mine. Oh I know. Because it was white and I thought that it was ugly for a PSP 
Kuro Makes the Nintendo Wii So Much Classier. Me wants a black Wii  http://viigo.im/Oew
i hate optus.  There bad vibes broke my sim card 
Just beat Sonic Adventure 2... Wait, no supersonic? 
1-18 on the Aion beta in one sitting... it seems a little 'too' easy 
1-18.75 on the Aion beta in one sitting... it seems a little 'too' easy 
FFCC Crystal Bearers : 15h of life (without quests), Wiimote to throw objects &amp; rise up vilains. One player only  http://is.gd/Q6Te #Wii
Xbox broke. out of warranty. 
Sims 3 is utterly expeinive to get on my ITouch and iphone  Not paying 13.00 AUD sorry EA games bring the price download to 4-6AUD
I tried to play GTA 4 for the first time in ages last night. I remember why I stopped playing it.... crashes too much!! 
I wrote a sizeable post about amazing Scribblenauts is and now I can't post it.  OTOH, Joystiq had a ten word challenge to vex the game.
@scottjames87 @scottishsteveo I've had the inFamous demo downloading for 2 hours now and it's at 40%. Would have finished by now on XBL 
Sims 3 for #iphone is great for about 5 mins then crashes everytime - like clockwork! Grrrr at AUD$12.99 not impressed EA!!  #sims3
I am having a hard time downloading Naruto episodes #111 and #112! 
@botherer aww, your DS.  
is just about to do some Wii fit then a mound of paperwork to go through!!! 
I'm so annoyed that that LIVE update just glitched my Gears of War 2 achievement journal. I won't be playing multiplatyer ever again. 
I'm so annoyed that that LIVE update just glitched my Gears of War 2 achievement journal. I won't be playing multiplayer ever again. 
I think I'm having Gundam series withdrawal syndrome..  help me...
Ty woke us up before 6 am  and its going to be a long day! Rockband Party tonight and no time for naps :/
To my friends from The Sims Online - http://tsostar.com will go down within a month, last chance to stroll memory lane. 
bought ultimate band nd island sports for the Wii 2dai. was goin 2 buy sims3 but didn't ave enough money  hope everyone is well 2dai xx
This is my first twitter. I had to learn to my exam of AI... 
can't believe Tetris is 25 years old. Also can't beleive im that old 
OMGPOP, is like failing,.. 
at mom's ( : .. played 5 hours of Rockband last night .. singing for 4 of them .. my throat hurts 
I finally got decent at the Uncharted 2 Beta.  I had a great time playing with @fleshribbon last night.  I enjoyed his grenade in my face 
i want a Blizzard authenticator.  They need to stop selling out gdamnit #warcraft
Wish I could crack my PSP for the SCUMMVM games like #monkeyisland etc &amp; brokensword...have the Pandora Battery&amp; Memory card but confused 
I want Bioshock 2.  I want it now. I want it more that Sims 3. :|
just called Nintendo to get my wii repair all set up. its gonna cost me $85.00  but i guess thats better than spending $250 on a new wii.
I want Bioshock 2.  I want it now. I want it more that Sims 3. :| http://bit.ly/MkYaOb
@evanthegamer I wish... I didn't ever have a Gameboy.     *tear*  I have it on SNES though
says Tetris is 25 years old, that's great! Test day today, not so great. 
Downloaded and played #Demigod today (thanks @kareemharper) I like the gameplay, but I have yet to be able to connect to an online match 
(RSI) hand pain when playing Xbox today as well 
i failed at my attempt to beat my record. i beat 99 characters in survival mode, and the 100 character Ultimate Rugal defeated me 
My 6 year old cousin keeps calling our house and it's really annoying to talk about Mario Kart Wii continuously 
@disillusioned_ I desperately want to play KH:CoM.  But nowhere sells GBA games any more.  Le sigh.  I may find it on eBay if I can.
Waiting for a Wii system update to finish.  Feeling kind of crappy today 
@bfrank87 Awww booo!! You can't play 1 vs. 100 with us on Xbox! 
Man its a looong boring weekend without Battlefield Heroes  #bfh
@phoenixpwns I'm too broke to buy the broken steel.....or any DLC for that matter 
It's a nice day today.  I still can't seem to handle Hawx without crashing into the water.  
@Outlulz I want to. XBL europe is a faggot 
I want a Nintendo #DSi now 
KuBos (out today on DSiWare) is brilliant, but can't get past 1st level  ... almost as bad as PicoPict, on which I can't do the 3rd level
@HollieSSargeant Nintendo Wii. Like I have ach friends to play with  im getting hang of it tho. Hit it out of the park woo
Pokemon beckons me, but I cannot be arsed facing more ice-types 
 sad to work tonight - BUT happy i did 30 min of Wii, made some earrings AND 30 min of yoga!  now, to fini... - http://bkite.com/08fjW
Hm... this music sounds like Battlefield 1942... I now desire to play that game again... and hope the Thunderbirds take off soon... 
terrible! i dont know how much time i just lost playing GTA on my DSi.  hey no clock in the room. lol.
playinq my bros DS; he really messed it up!!  qrr. &amp;&amp; i wanted cookinq mama!! but i quess not.
I lost my Tetris for the nintendo DS  so i haven't played it in so long but i remember it on the original gameboy wooohoo!!
Sims 3 keeps crashing  was the first time with a sims game, also my last. EA should have sorted this out before releasing on iphone
Absolutely smashed on wine, my mum just spilt a load of pistachios into my shoes and my Dad is dominating Wii Golf 
I'm the muthafuckin Dynamo of Volition. Wait, nevermind, thats not me 
@pickassoreborn 3RLoD, RRoD, all the same thing - my 360 lasted only a little longer than a year 
Watching MLG columbus Live, except theres no devlin this time 
Reinstalling my sons machine after Crysis crashed and XP failed to restart  A great way to spend a sunny Sunday
it's Tetris' 25th birthday and i haven't played it all day. i'm a terrible geek  one quick game and then bed.
it's Tetris' 25th birthday and i haven't played it all day. i'm a terrible geek  one quick game and then bed. http://bit.ly/eHowat
This is cool, the mob has won all games so far and theyre winning Arcade Games and M$ points. Ive been in the crowd so far 
Points and prizes NOT being given out since its in beta 
I wish I was playing Catan. 
Debating with myself on whether to get a XBox 360, or save a little and grab a Wii instead. Can't do Wii60 yet 
I just know that i'll be added by gamer/nintendo/wii spammo twitter accounts 2m, just because i've mentioned them 2nite.. 
is enjoying some GTA4 after the semi-boring 1 vs 100 Beta.  No Microsoft Point prizes until July or so.  
Just saw another Sonic commercial and made me wish there was one around. Closest one is 16 mi away 
No update on in game transformations or character creation  However I do have a new vid discussing Less Characters, Buu Saga and Gameplay
@mikeprasad My first Atari game was Kaboom on the Atari 2600 - http://bit.ly/bLb5k - Frack that makes me old! 
@brazentone: I've never been overly impressed with Sonic... went there once, grease tasted almost rancid 
Seeing the Hangovr 1st legal R movie and I didn't get carded Epic fail I look old 
@skie don't worry. No one in Mexico has played 1 vs 100, or used Netflix, or bought video from PSN... we're not on the media santa list 
Rockband Wrist  But I will soldier on.
@c_rod2006 War Games made me regret taking up this hobby again. 
Thats the thing about 360 FPS's...stop playing for a while and you get rusty as heck. I used to be GOOD @ COD4 360 
@sc_mu  tnxs Scotty. just 4 hrs in london  .Konami sucks.luckily you flight! I'd never been able 2catch a flight 2 be &amp; come back in 6hrs!
I want an Aion Beta key SO badly! 
wants an Xbox 360.  http://plurk.com/p/yzkzb
@SuperDunner I don't have the Mythic pack, sorry 
Of course, instead of booting up KHDS, I started the Haruhi DS game. I'm pretty sure it'll be unplayable without an understanding of moon 
i want ModNation Racers 
Well this is interesting. It seems that the PS3 version of the MadCatz sticks do not work on usb ports powered by nVidia/ATI chipsets yet 
No Sonic today  maybe next time...
@PS3Nation wow you really support the PSN store lol. well I've spent a lot of money in LBP and I don't play LBP anymore 
Epic weather fail  bring on the M50 &amp; hoooooome http://twitpic.com/6td75
I want a DS so bad. 
@Olivia_Munn I have a cd-r of over 800 NES roms that ran on a PS1. A disc that my friend gave me that was for Dreamcast never worked. 
&quot;Dogs, Coming right at us&quot; GRRR i hate them bl00dy dogs : CoD 5 WaW 
reading forum items from Battlefield heroes site, the game site is still ofline 
Just woke up, read for some more Aion time , not going out coz its hammering it down out there 
I have no one to play against on DS Mario Kart... Lame  I need more games or something.
Yay MLG columbus but its gay cozx instinct lost 
No battle rifle in halo ODST!  no duel wielding!  no equipment! 
@zakbond Maxis aren't in the Steam Catalogue 
@kielfernandez another reason i didn't buy a PSP, his cousin (same age, girl) plays PSP like a pro! And it's bad. She doesn't like books. 
@Paintedghost sooooo want FFVII but haven't got time to play it for the next 18 years 
no more wii bowling, our wii sports dvd is scratched 
feel dead  pink was awesome though. Epic mad
I miss Fallout 3. 
Tired, was meant to finish new song and get it ready to make new demo, but ended up blogging instead 
Anyone got a R4 DS Card, having problems getting mine to work 
@xthemusic What do you think about Prototype? I wish it was out now  I want it!
       FS keeps crashing when I try to load Bungie plane.
@MsLatina @NYCityMama I am in tears too thinking of my Mii!!    LOL
Epic fail my lotro trial runs out tomorrow 
Just about to go to bed after playing Halo 3 waiting for some friends to hop on. They didn't. 
I wish I could stay home all day and play Uncharted Drake's Fortune. 
Epic Games is hiring animators, it is just too bad that they want somebody with far more experience than myself 
New blog post: OMG I did get a Aion Beta Key.  http://power-source.org/?p=70
i miss my DS 
Nooooo, tech support from @SonyPlaystation finally helped merge my old GAP account with my new PSN one.. Uncharted 2 beta invite expired. 
@evilgumbo tbh i dont pay much attention!  very much into COD/SOCOM games! also trialling the online 'drakes' thing at mo! like that ;-)
@ClaireEm86 No, it was on the Wii fit! It was really weird and I thought I would do it as a joke...but I guess the jokes on me now  lol
@feliciaday Popcap are purveyors of digital crack. I'm fighting the urge to buy Plants vs Zombies since I know it will suck me in 
@sonicsociety B-but, if you do the clock tower thing, then there'll be no more Sonic Society!  (FF crashes are a pain, though)
@TroublePandaPR I used tu have a 360 at least 4 times but kept getting the RROD  so I shifted tu tha #ps3
@Rappelz_Game I lost my free lucky pot o.O how can i get it back?...stupid bug 
I really suck at the civilization stage in Spore   I can never build my army fast enough.  Any tips?
It would appear that Demigod fucked me. After restarting my comp about an hour ago I had to run repair disk. Demigod no longer works now 
@centrinoduo91 I'ma gunna get inFamous tomorrow, probs shouldn't like 
Okay, I want to eat lots of pizza and play Zelda on my Wii, but of course someone broke my module to hook it up too. old tvs 
Has the E3 Battlefield1943.com redeem page ever been working for anyone? Getting the 404 error so I can't enter my code  #e3 #XboxE3
Looks like inFamous might have to wait, cant afford that AND big surf island in one week 
I think I'm done with MadWorld on the Wii. Its stupidly hard and unforgiving... 
@FoolishEarthlng I never played Doom  I only had Wolfenstein! I was poor, dammit, POOR.
Pinball was fun. Now we're heading home. 
@Reservoir_Drout come play Halo  robots are there.
Oh dear. Red Ring of Death on my Xbox! I was just getting ready to introduce my daughter to Tetris. 
The Wii is officially the only damn console that can't connect to the internet. WTF.  The DS connects.
Why didn't I follow a guide of sorts for OoT?  I have no idea which things I'm missing and where, lmfao. *smart*
Loving Eternal Sonata and inFAMOUS, and Sims 3 - god I spend way too much money on games 
just played the Wii, great system.. just not made for left-handers. 
@mdk2002  and BP DLC and Prototype DLC hit this weekend! I wish I had seen this a couple hours earlier so I could have gotten another 1...
Played Uncharted 2 beta earlier. @Zakupilot256, it was downloading/installing when you were online - you signed off when it loaded. 
I am very addicted to Wii Fit, not good at midnight. Finished playing at 2am last night couldn't move this morning coz muscles hurt 
Our Ragnarok Online game server got crashed some hours back, major server crash at the hosts end, all players turning violent 
@carson10us I don't have an Xbox 
Played LotRO today, now watching Tonys. I hate being alone all the time. 
all i want to see is those DSi ads, i havent seen any on the tv yet 
Was gonna play UFC Undisputed but Xbox Live is down 
So much for Xbox 360.  Shitty plastic bag fucked us over.
Just realized that @hermosarokera and I won't be able to see pau pau in LBP anymore 
@raymondsiu No m4/3 prime yet. I have no prime now. Even if I put my Nikon 28mm AI lens on G1, it is still 56mm equivalent.  
wanting to watch websoup, but the only tv that gets g4 in my house is being used for Halo 
the DS game I bought today was not compatible for DSi 
I'm playing Wii with my lil bro, Wii play but now we are changing to Wii sports b/c he's mad at me. 
@jsmith189 But your A wouldn't watch Naruto =; Naruto&gt;&gt;Avatar.  But I really did enjoy Avatar  It was only 3 seasons 
Playing Wii Bowling with @kimmoney and @Puffindrew. Missing our fourth player @Elric521 
Tetris and I have a love-hate relationship. I love the challenge, I hate failing at rate seven 
 they say it's sold out. Epic fail!!
@SEO_RPG I know...that's not nice... 
@IKieran97 my fishies are: Bubble, Halo, Buzzca and Power. oh dear poor Toby  take her to the vet! that pink lump sounds likea tumor to me
as much as I'm a huge supporter of Nintendo, Bomberman PSP&gt; Bomberman DS  http://plurk.com/p/110i17
The Natal control system coming to Xbox looks interesting, but still lacks what I really want. Holograms  http://bit.ly/K3Mbl
@thisismyiq lol i was nvr really in2 pokemon..they gave me headaches 
@alphaque It is not working  I think it's time for my Rockstar death
@CameronCollie Epic fail! Makes my face make this shape  They've taken 2.3x longer to connect me. You could take them down from the inside
Games over.  Nintendo lawyer contacted me to shutdown dsi-hacks.com 
Wants #Aion to be released already 
@lindsmartin sadly not, tis annoying because the Wii has a dvd drive, but no software 
God, I fucking hate the Famitsu website. Trying to get screenshots and its taking a age. Got Tekken done, now MH3 and Lost Planet 2 
After some workout with Wii Fit, i woke up tired  ... Perfect!!!
Currently installing Sam's (I SiXFiFTeeN I's) CoD Phwoaaarrr disc to my HDD, because I must've scratched my campaign and it doesn't save. 
@Torio_Lacy - I am sorry that you had to &quot;delete&quot; your file on your Pokemon DS game, baby...  
Bushido Blade for the Playstation 1 is a tremendously awesome game. Wish it was longer though 
Why Prototype &gt; Infamous  http://tinyurl.com/mdgs2y  it arrived in our office today but I had to let the other guys play until I get back 
calls not letting me finish listening to Halo...  fourth time I m pausing it!
@leighalexander Infamous, I have been told that Prototype was very disappointing by everyone in the office 
stupid .AI file suddenly went corrupt  lost all the logo concepts... and now i look like a lazy-ass at the intern!
Is annoyed at Saints row DLC restricting my online play 
Since 360 is RROD I am going to rent some PS3 games. Looking to get Prototype, Red Faction,  and a random one. I miss my 360 
@tarasis And the tragedy is: that adaptor will cost almost as much as the console. 
is gutted that the GreenDay RockBand is only down load and 3 song waz hopein for a sepcial addition full on GreenDay RockBand game 
Wishes she hadn't dropped her phone. It now doesn't recognise the memory card and I've lost my Tetris. 
@deejsylvis that said, some of the platforming is very tricky. i am stuck too 
Just found a Nintendo Stars code for Mario Bros 3 on GBA.. Shame it isn't valid any more! 
Heavy rains last night. Battlefield a bog. Looks like no organized fighting today. 
@KittyKat_1988 YUS!!    I want Sims.    Might attempt to dig out the Sims 2.  Scared my Disc 1 isn't in the box though. . .  :S
@Capcom_Unity  Wait just now watch the finale ep of BSG  :O It's only the best show ever to bad it ended 
@leighalexander @OptimusDeadpool Understandable, but of course, those pics make me want to buy a PSP now 
@LinksAwakener Got a PS2 for free, getting a second DS lite for Donnie, and still got my good old lunch box!  But still no Wii! 
@cheryl_jacob that looks like an awesome game. Too bad no love for the Wii 
@CAngel00727 sucked... well, it wasn't bad, but not great. The co-workers aren't as social &amp; fun as GameStop  lol
Installing Perfect World, giving that game a shot again to prepare for DDO trial to end 
Prototype in for review, time for an intense sesh this eve before it wisks off for review 
the coating on my Logitech MX Revolution is starting to peel off 
wishes the UFC XBOX LIVE wasn't so fucking jumpy when I have the best connection possible 
I spent the last half an hour of revision playing Peggle 
I lost Mario Bros!  There is no point in having a DS now!
defeated by the Wii Fit @bitepr  It won't turn on. What does mean for my health? #fail
Source engine game saves are intact, but it looks like the PopCap and 2DBoy saves are long gone. 
@Microsoft_Xbox   what the heck am i gonna do all day?
Anyone going to America this week? I want the new Ghostbusters game, it's region free, but won't be on Xbox360 here for a while 
Epic headache 
Trying to amuse my cousin. It's not working! and he's playing Halo w/o me 
6:39am: getting ready to go to school. i'm looking for my PSP though, i can't leave the house without it. 
slushies at Sonic with courtney and pablo .....to bad its not half price happy hour... thomas sorry to hear about the back 
So the one day I have twitter off on my phone and my friends decide to have a Halo party...now I can't go  oh well
@AriaaJaeger What's up w/ your pup Pokemon...got bits and pieces...doesn't sound good? 
Dammit, sick today too   XBL Shinobi code to the first person who can tell me what the ninja Shinobi's real name is in the original series
I've had a Wii for 4 months, and it's not even been out of the box yet. It's still in the carrier bag where it was dumped. 
@leighalexander What've you got against poor Crecente? 
@nursedoublek No Sonic love in your area? 
@Capcom_Unity I'll take them on MvC2...that game is so fun, but so hard to find  I finally got myself a copy a little while ago
@Outspark man i always miss the free giveaways 
Playing PES 2009 on Wii... con licencia aun 
@GKokoris B-b-but.. Prototype's so much fun.  -- If only they'd had decent writing, voice acting, art design, and, well, etc etc...
R.I.P my GOW2 *tear* *tear* 
I'm having an extremely painful experience trying to get an Uncharted Multiplayer  Game  Code 
My luck ran out.  I suck at Yahtzee now.
@fertilitychick was going to Wii &amp; we already wore the batteries out on the board &amp; we were out  (MUST get batteries b4 withdrawal starts)
Demo master finished with 1:17 remaining.  #117
Why is Russy's lip STILL ashy ! I don't get it  Instead of buying him a new Nintendo DS each time he breaks it, they need to buy VASELINE
@Demo_Vinicci i cant stop scratching my hair 
didn't get her DS today. 
Prototype is sick, but I am getting worn down grinding for EP to upgrade all the powers. XBL down tomorrow, so no Ghostbusters Co-op!  
I wish I could vote for all three of the recent #PennyArcade strips.  - http://penny-arcade.com/
Updating the Homebrew channel and Homebrew Browser on the Wii.  I wish WiiDoom wouldn't segfault the WIi 
http://bit.ly/YsTOL   Doom iPhone IS NOT FPS (((
I'm gonna have to say I'm skipping the collectibles in Prototype damn do i have collectibles 
Even just 140 characters takes forever to type on a PSP. I would know. I just wrote this from mine. Took 4 min. 
I've been playing the Uncharted Beta and loving it; I think I need to turn in my official PC elitist card now 
I've been playing the Uncharted 2 Beta and loving it; I think I have to turn in my official PC elitist card now 
watching daddy, matt, and janki play the Wii  why doesn't anyone want to play with me???
Tried out Rock Band Unplugged on the plane. It is pretty cool. I am not able to invest in two RBs. No PSP DLC 4 me. 
Still waiting for my Gatheryn Beta account 
i want to be a model. i accused by thomas ex, i am homewrecker and slut.  http://bit.ly/13X6AI
Argh! I can't believe I lost the 1990's trivial game @trixie360 held! I thought I was a '90's child for sure...and I loved Sega back then 
 I miss Bioshock.  I need to get that game for my X-Box 360.  Atlas ruled.  And it was such a good, scary, heart-pounding game.
Grr, Xbox LIve downtoday for Upgrading.  I really wanted to play with King today 
@mynameisjulie Whoa, take it out on your Sims, not on EA!  what happened?
Xbox Live will be down in about 1 hour... sadface  lol
@guaty What happened to your wii? 
http://twitpic.com/7j0h9 - @zoecipolla We got too tired to drive home, wish we were at Halo 
When I get back home I'll probably watch a few Naruto episodes, as long as I won't have such a bad head ache as I had yesterday 
Damnit, all I want right now is a controller to plug into my PC to play some SNES roms. That's it. I can't find my Dualshock USB adapter. 
@bamaloo I want to redeem my $50 Habbo card I got today LOL! 
.@SecBarbie Kindle DX is nice - auto rotate, PDF support is great (Burton reports, F5 docs, RPG/Wargames docs) No bookshelves.  #kindle
Bored  Xbox got taken away...NOOO
Xbox live is down and i was having fun playing halo 
XBox Live is now down for maintenance. Also Ghostbusters is apparently out tonight. I won't be getting it for a while, unfortunately. 
Xbox live is down  Guess I will play some Fallout 3 and Ghostbusters today.
Xbox Live is down for 24 hours.. lame. 
@GirlGamersUK not a lot as Xbox live is down 
XBOX live is down for the day. 
Xbox live is offline for 24 fucking hours ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh   hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Xbox live is down... no more Halo! 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! Xbox servers down!   I guess I'll just get on the PS3 and play the Uncharted Beta.  ha Traitor!
Fuck. Xbox Live went out due to maintenance. There goes Netflix for the day.  It's a good thing I have other means of watching Dexter.
Fuck. Xbox Live went out due to maintenance. There goes Netflix for the day.  It's a good thing I have other m.. http://bit.ly/13j5xX
Xbox live is down  well goodnight all
Damn, XBL is down (for me) ATM.     I was at the end of a really good streaming movie on Netflix.
T3H XBL is Downzorz: ... a thousand sadfaces.      PGR and other random rentals until back online... I r sad  http://bit.ly/JU98j
arrgh! Spent hour and half trying to fix Xbox Live when its down for maintenance. No wonder it doesn't work 
@ImajicArt yeah   could be worse - you could be listening to your 3 year old poo while playing the DS 
gen Y always lets us down 
Not sure what I will do all day as xBox live is offline 
OMGPOP is too addictive. I haven't done any school work tonight. Although I don't know if I'm going to school tomorrow... I'l sick.. 
Xbox Live is DAS  But I did just beat Gunstar Heroes and it was awesome.
For a while aqgo i should relax  a bit with GRID, when i saw something tremendous. Xbox Live is down! 24 hr. I totaly forgot that. 
great xbox live is down the day the evanesence DLC comes out 
Xbox or Playstation 3 that is the question? Cuz my LCD is lonely  xoxo
No painting or other cabinet work last night. Wii with Kylee was more important and fun. She won at boxing 
....remembers why she wants to quit twitter..,..myspace.....and never join facebook! so why dont i??? *wishes to delete*..   DLC d&amp;a lol..
Maps for Saga Edition game tomorrow night.  Game prep takes more time than I'd like and less time than it should.    #rpg
XBL is down today. 
Worst day ever...  Dental work and both XBL and Warhammer servers are down today 
Home watching TV, Can't play CoD : WaW as XBOX Live is down for upto the next 24 hours 
@limabifrost Did they get their own consoles back or a refurbished one? I want mine. 
@LittlePandaExpr I can't Panda! Xbox Live is down! Gaming is no fun if I can't talk trash to people online while playing 
Just played the Uncharted 2 Beta... Get killed so fast i cant even take a closer look at the graphics  damn .....
Xbox live is down all day. What am I gonna do  @ Home http://loopt.us/4tMxGw.t
Xbox Live Maintenance all day  .... http://tinyurl.com/ljwgus
Forgot that Xbox Live would be down today. 
What are the chances!  Finally bought an XBox 360 today, but XBox live is down and i can't recover my gamer tag 
@xelhes 2000 yen artbook from you... 
Argghh Xbox Live is down today 
Xbox live isnt working 
trying to fix my wii 
Wishing Xbox Live would get put back up 
Xbox Live still offline 
@jim_sterling I've been wanting to grab it since the second I got home from E3, but I don't have any room on my PSP memory stick 
Xbox Live is down = Less Practice = 
PEGI wins, no longer will I get excited by the big red &quot;18&quot; warning on my games 
Sugar Cube is gone 
#iremember Nintendo gamepad that you had to run on to get the runners to run. Never could beat Cheetah. 
Kind of miffed that the Xbox release of Ghostbusters has been delayed to give Sony an edge. In the US it's simultaneous on both 
no Xbox LIVE for the day 
Giving your gf a Xbox 360: BIG MISTAKE. Peggle all the time , what about some Jori time? 
Surviving without XBL. 
Going to chill at my friends house. XBOX Live is still down for maintenance 
Xbox Live is down 
totally different games.. I like more shooting &amp; war games. I'm re-playing GTA &amp; Fable due to 3 red ring thing &amp; everything's gone!! 
wishes he could afford a Wii and the new Ghostbusters game.  Maybe I can find them on Craigslist http://www.weirdal.com
wishes Xbox Live wasn't down.  http://raptr.com/aKaRiot08
Xbox live is down  No zeds to shoot
re Xbox Live - just kidding. ;) It's still down. 
awake on my day off...Xbox Live is offline for maintenance for the whole day 
Havent had internet 4 a week  no  XBL
nooo Xbox Live  is down  ahhhh
My Sonic needs new batteries 
Xbox live is down for maintenance 
Ugh. Why is it all these online multiplayer games don't let you play co-op locally? 
Xbox live is down and will be until tomorrow. 
is mad because  theres no xbox live so i cant get evanescence DLC 
I'm bored, videogames don't impress me like they use to 
@StevenJPrice Nothing else has been hijacked, just my Steam account. They still haven't answered my support ticked either 
@ultrabrilliant SEE? This is exactly what worries me. Hopefully, it will be tied together in the usual OCD Castlevania style. I doubt it 
@majornelson new fallout character. no dlc offline 
Time for some Halo Wars me thinks... against the computer... because I can't afford Xbox Live untill Friday 
Since Live is down, thinking about going to play some GTA, by myself 
@EA No, Xbox Live is down! 
Aww crap. Xbox live is down 
 forgot XBL was off today, was about to check to see if a game was on XBLA that I wanted to buy  oh well, maybe tomorrow
@majornelson imma try n finish up GTA4...wich I'm sadly haven't done yet  ..cuz to much time playin online lol
I really want to get GhostBusters for the Xbox today, but my kitchen rennovation is bleeding me dry. There is no Dana, only Zuul. 
Frustrated that Xbox Live is down, and Netflix sent me the wrong damn video. Homework it is 
Xbox live is down 
My wii isnt working 
@Esko If I had the choice, my trifecta would be Prototype, Burnout Paradise and Crackdown. Perfect blend of insanity. If I had Crackdown. 
I wasn't worried about Xbox Live's downtime today, until I realize I also won't have Netflix on 360. 
Xbox live isn't working  I hate my life
@mmitchelldaviss My Xbox Live isn't working either 
Is going to play Xbox alone,  as Xbox Live is down today for maintenance 
It seems very strange without her, and Mel is bad tempered 'cos the Wii keeps disconnecting from the internet 
Mii throat still feels weirddd 
@insomniacgames ohhhhh why, why those codes are given when I am at the office, I say it again I need a PSP to use Remote Play 
I'm trying to find an online RPG to play. But I can't choose. 
Playing Call of Duty:World at War on single player because XBOX Live is down. 
Xbox Live is down 
Managed to lose a bag of stuff I bought btwn the store and home. I'm blaming the nausea. No more DS on the bus ride home. Motion sickness 
Kinda bored. . . Xbox Live is down and I don't feel like playing any of my games anyways. Wowzerz. . . I'm out of things to do. 
@WordLiife ur comment to @lovejones83 about only going to your own shows. that makes me sad...just when i tried to have ur back on DOOM 
I just got the E 74 error from my Xbox 360; in other words, it's dead  #fb
@JmsDmnd Xbox Live has been down all day for me  Did bust out a nice little 25-7 on Banzai on monday
Xbox live is down today.  
I can't connect my Wii to the internet 
And here I thought I was actually going to get a real game for my Wii...too good to be true I guess 
@arctickiller Lol I forgot I had a temple recommend interview and now I have to mow my lawn  CoD after?
Xbox live is down 
Ready for Xbox to be back up and running, i miss it 
@AlSween yeah Xbox Live and Zune. 
I think my ISP lied to me about their compatibility with the Wii 
@truckstopblues i can't  that was an 87 for the whole mod so that's done with. i'm going into my new mod
Home from hobby shop early. Casual games casualty of increased standard standards. Add Xbox live maintenance, equals no gaming tonight. 
Xbox live is down today  lamesauce
Anyone who knows where i can find some Spore Hero/Hero Arena screenies? The official site is all flashy and i cant save pictures 
Finally got my copy of &quot;GhostBuster&quot; and my luck Xbox is down..... 
So I accidentally played Bioshock for an hour and a half...now I'm looking over my shoulder every 5 seconds 
@pbvalla XBox Live and I miss you 
@gamblore I've heard that the PC version doesn't have multiplayer, otherwise I'd get it off Steam or something. 
Dear Xbox Live, I wish to go on you, and kill other people, is that too much to ask? Apparently it is. 
Playing COD:WAW campaign since XBL is still down!   only 3 or 4 hours to go!!!
I WANT A DSi sooooooomone..........why cant i be bloody rich......all i seem to win is a bloody free cherry ripe 
XBOX Live is down. 
Up to the final boss fight in Prototype and can't win 
Home from work, playing some xbox.  Xbox live still is down though 
played wii now im hurting everywhere 
Xbox live is down 
XBox Live still down 
XBOX LIVE Still Offline 
@davedays :OOO shocking! I miss my 360... It got RRoD 
New XBox coming in 2010, but I just GOT a XBox 2 months ago!   http://tinyurl.com/kv6dsg
@Divinityy lol my other console got banned for modding it  i had a crapload of games. :/
@dallison I literally haven't gotten through the demo.  I fail.  I will keep trying.  
Xbox Live is down for maintenance 
sometimes wishes she was a gold-digging whore....then i'd have nice things...  i want fake boobs....and a DSi ;)
@mmitchelldaviss Xbox live is off for 24 hours  isn't it extremely depressing? I've wanted it all day. you should add me alot like nikki
@brandonleblanc just checked. Sony are publishing it themselves in EU this week, Atari are doing the other formats &quot;at a later date&quot; 
I've wanted to play EA Active all night but my roommate is constantly watching tv. I guess I'll just have to wake up early again 
Xbox-Live is down for maintenance and I could not be sadder. 
And now finally back on OMGPOP... I was interrupted.. 
The PSN is giving me trouble. What happened 
@KelliHotsauce  i want to play Wii too 
Xbox Live still down  #xboxlive
Awake. No new iPhone software, no Duels of the Planeswalkers yet 
@CaptainKazz also the best thing i found is writing answers on body parts maybe in a bra perhaps. god it sucks too i can't even play XBL 
I was at the fair for 8 hours and never got the Sonic stuffed animal I was promised  exhausted.
Icecrown today you fall beneath my awesomness!!! 
damn I havent played Rockband in like a month  I miss it
DSi-Hacks.com is now officially gone. 
@Jenga81 @spinningerin @audm @H3Dakota @glg_girl @nfolsom  I've tried simmering them in vinegar solution and soaking them in conditioner 
:| i have an urge to play the nintendo 64, but can't find a controller 
Sure, Xbox Live is back on .. but #neogaf is down!  
@cokezone Nope, been saving them up for Burnout, but looks like stocks ran out  Fifa would have been good but bought it a few weeks back
Sega Dreamcast arrived sans steering wheel or rf/scart cable. I'm sad 
The patch to MapleStory won't be complete until I have left my house. I am bummed out. 
@TeamXbox i tried and it said it has been used already 
yay!! XBL is back!! damn i couldn't play lastnight  dont see any changes tho :p
As if not being able to play games was bad enough, now I can't even get on NeoGAF to read/laugh/cry about them. It's down.  
@andytuk Shame I don't have any of my old computers any more    [ Vic20, Dragon32, BBCB, Amiga A500, Amiga 1200, 486dx2 ]
I'm back in Barcelona. Casualties from the trip: my DS's stylus 
Ew. Dexter is all blurry on my computer screen and Xbox Live isn't working for me right now. I guess I have to watch it tomorrow. 
*sniff* looks like my Nintendo Wii has to be sent away, none of the controllers will work anymore  So annoying as well! Grrr
@TeamXbox I'm gutted! I so want a new game but people keep beating me to the codes ... 
Play.com dont have Pre-order keys, had to cancel and reorder at cdon.com  Nvm, hope I get my #Aion key today...tense time!
I really don't like the new My Xbox,. Too much Avatar 
@jearle *sigh* I MISSED the period of 2000AD when they were giving away Droid Names. 
PeerArkProxies work with the demo, JettyClientPeerArkProxies just get a 404. 
@cspenn No Azeroth economy or dailies update today? 
@H2OTrogdor need moar DLC! I checked too before I left for work. I'm hoping it will be there by lunchtime. 
@joshuadejong Don't know, there still seem to be problems on Xbox LIVE after the maintenance yesterday. 
I miss Digimon. I haven't watched it in a little over a year. I wish they'd make a new season. 
Trying to set up Xbox Live and failing tremendously...brain ache 
i got stuck on the Sudoku in the paper .. 
Man i need to buy some more World of Warcraft play time 
I wish more MMOs supported the Mac! Here's hoping Champions Online will since Dragon Age Origins doesn't 
Bejeweled Blitz has grown so popular that our servers are beginning to buckle under the weight of millions of falling gems.   
@AceyBongos: Xbox Live does not run very fine to me yet (I always get Xbox Live errors) 
back to inFAMOUS , gosh ...... these load times are fkin terrible in dark athena as well  .
So I finally got Xbox Live to work again, only to find out that the Perfect Dark theme is gone 
Loves the new look Xbox.com  Will Sony ever do something similar? 
#NeoGAF down? 
Video card artifacts.  fixed though. Don't know why I didn't play CoD4 SP earlier
@AceyBongos My xbox avatars not show up 
Doing homework  cannot be bothered. Putting my PSP on ebay as i don't need and i need some money.
Stopping at Sonic for a vanilla coke and then to the Granada...vacation is over 
we're so Jenga. like take one piece out carefully, or we all fall down. doesnt anyone else remember Jenga?! 
Horrible migraine today. Might have to cancel DnD tonight. 
@xplay Personally, I'm hoping to get a new PC so that I may Be able to run The Sims 3.  Can't even run Spore creature creator right now. 
i lost my lego batman game for my DS 
@rulesaremyenemy Never? b..but... I like my Wii. 
@tehbus Epic fail this side 
My gamercard is all missed up it's not showing my avatar. 
&quot;Bioshock&quot; movie on hold, Verbinski off????  http://www.bloody-disgusting.com/news/16365
My Xbox LIVE $10 Japanese mic finally broke. 
@BleepBloopJeff OMGOSH, I CANNOT WAIT!!! ;D i'm so depressed, cuz I used 2 have Worms on my old cell phone (n-gage) but it works no more! 
Due to prehistoric interwebz I have a 15 min download time for 230mb. Epic interwebz fail bell. 
My favorite person to play with on XBox is gonna be gone for a few days   Who am I going to slaughter Locust with?
Aww, my Wii fit age jumped to 35.  (And I lost a pound.  )
@Pretty_Bunny408 aww, i wish i had a DS 
Xbox got the blinky red lights. Figures. 
Magic: The Gathering - Duels of the Planeswalkers looks TIGHT! Too bad XBL Marketplace is having problems. Can't download it 
Outspark/meebo **We had that idea back at Nexon, too bad we had to close the studio down in Vancouver 
It appears that we have managed to lose 4 LEGO NXT kits somewhere between last summer and this one  #lostandfound
Over Dan's. Delicious Brats. Xbox is blinking 3 lights red out of 4 
I have a metallic taste in my mouth  One of my PSP's I ordered has been delayed.
Xbox Live has been jacked up all day. No MtG for me.  seriously, 
Working out only made me grumpier about loss of all my contacts..  I am waiting for Bioshock script for tomorrow.
Initial Ghostbusters thoughts: Voice Acting - Awesome, Gameplay - Gears of Fishing, Models/Textures - Good lookin'...Animation - ugly 
@twolegit2quit  sorry for wasting your time. Epic fail
Enjoying my PSP, which unfortunately has a stuck pixel  God of War is insane.
I really want to plan MTG on XBLA 
I want an Iphone, and a Wii, and a DS, and a video camera, and a portable external harddrive, and and and.... I need more money 
My green avatar didn't work. 
feeling like DS today.  
@DylanJobe What happened to the Warhawk servers? There's only 8 Official blue servers available: 4 CTF, 2 Hero, 1 Collection and 1 DM 
My Wii stopped working today 
@BOMBMatt we had that happen with out xbox and now the controllers never fully charge 
I already bought a digital copy from EA store of Sims 3 for the pc, seems like if I want to play it on my mac need to buy another one  
@Gamertag dang it I wish I was there 
twitpic doesn't work from my phone  and i still can't find my nintendo DS 
3.0 doesn't *quite* work with HBH-DS205. 
@emilysiren I've been taking practice tests all evening and they might as well be written in Runes, for all the sense the questions make 
I just got my butt kicked playing Mario Sluggers Wii with my 7 and 5 year boys   Bring back Mrs Pac Man and Frogger.
Tetris...I gave up at lvl 10. I was stiff...I couldn't do it 
@ibot2000  soooo you forgot to add that you hate my guts for not returning your movies. Epic failure. 
@hecrazyxcal You can't suck at CoD any more than I do lately. I would get on there but I need sleep 
Painkiller by judas priest on rock band is hard. 
Yikes @ WoW speak.. i just wanna play Zelda again 
searching for Uncharted 2 beta codes 
Epic  my car is officially dead. Even worse, they said this morning it was fine, then called back to say it seized up &amp; died completely.
@kiD_Myst3ry i bet u dont remember me 
Completely forgot that Trav wanted to play XBox tonight 
World of Warcraft makes me sad. I can't find a raid team where i belong anymore. 
Unable to reproduce the demo crash locally. 
After a long crappy night at work, its time to get some sleep. Gauntlet is gonna kill me tomorrow at Bootcamp 
Downloading Starcraft &amp; Broodwar via Blizzard's new Battle.net dealy. Hopefully this version doesn't tell me my CD key is banned. 
Already have a gaming backlog in the dozens. Trying to resist urge to purchase Ghostbusters on Steam. 
Got bored and bought the Mario themed clock calculator for my DSi. Side note: Peach doesn't give credit to Luigi for his share of work. 
ghostbusters looks pretty different on the two different consoles, not cool  http://www.lensoftruth.com/?p=10974
I just died on Runescape so I'm going to bed 
I'm trying to get the new Wolverine Game for my XBox 360 but it feels like an odyssey -&gt; 10 stores visted, none have it 
Just chomped on my lip soooo hard  ouuuucchhhh. About to play some xbox cuz I'm that bored... Rockband maybe?
is stuck playing the same 3 missions of Halo 3 because of a FUBAR Disc 
@evilmaharaja Oh Snap!! You like playing Xbox? I love playing Xbox, but we got no online hookup overhere  Fav game is Rockband, urs?
 no new anime releases tonight that I watch.
I've got addicted to Lumines an dSims 
Craving ChronoTrigger but i left my DS in my bag and left my bag at a mates  also i keep creating infinite for-loops, doh 
says gugugud evening. inis, nwawala charger ko ng PSP.  urgh. http://plurk.com/p/11vcij
Reply from Blizzard thanking me for taking an active role in helping them stop these scams. WOOT! where's my pet murloc? 
Boycott has announced Valve still hasn't called!  140 more days of boycott flamers to go.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No MGS1!? 
@_Cube_ too funny.. that's just what i make everyone here do and they must remind me how good it is  well it is.. until the 3rd night 
 out with the old, in with the new...http://www.thestar.com/News/GTA/article/652705
silver users get a better background mist on the my friends page of Xbox.com... gutted. 
Xbox Live - $1 per month (U.S only), Y can't we have any? 
@Dits I wish it wasn't an MMO 
@scottfoley Still in the process of fixing mine  RROD ftl &lt;cries&gt;
My son turns 14 tomorrow. What he wants (XBox and aggressive skates) he's not getting. Any other ideas? 
Disappointed with the EU Playstation Store update today  looks like I'll have to play some Killzone 2 instead. Single player today I think
Bionic Commando is the worst game this year... And I love the original one in NES 
Attention all Sonic employees: diet dr pepper is in fact NOT diet coke.  
That is for the 360 one anyway. There's plenty of Wii ones though... 
@ratchet34321 He hates us Ratchet 
I have played on my Nintendo Wii with Tom F. But my downloaded games don't work 
Still cannot veiw #wow #Warcraft etc  cmon tweetie. Fix yourself already!!
I've been trying to update the blog but im to lazy! LBP is fun but i have the old 20 gig witch doesnt have wifi 
@AtomicFreak Our XBOX died.  The Ghostbusters look cartoonish in the Wii version 
i want to be a model. i accused by thomas ex, i am homewrecker and slut.  http://bit.ly/13X6AI
nVIDIA's Tegra Video: Augmented reality zombies come to life http://is.gd/15tzf Too bad the ZuneHD doesn't have a camera built in 
Where my gamecube used to be is only a dustless #squarespace 
@Kreepsville furril? It's my new avatar. 
Wishing World of Warcraft was better. I can't find motivation to play except to prance around in new druid skins when patch comes out. 
@Nobilis @GutShot and @MistressJett 's eventual oncologist thanks you, too. 
Fallout 3 Operation Anchorage is 30% off for Xbox Live Gold members, BUT only for the Xbox version  Gold members w/PC version get screwed
I want a Nintendo USB stick!  A Yoshi would be nice.
Finally getting my new pc up and running, course I'm going away this weekend so no Aion Beta or GW   Yay Alton Towers though \o/
Xbox live I can't get on nooo this suck I'm going to buy a new xbox now crap 
Noooo the PC version of Ghostbusters does not have multiplayer  why would they do that? I only have  Wii.  Shitfucks.
I got Disgaea and Suikoden III in the mail today. I was excited until I found out my sister has somehow misplaced my PS2 memory card. 
Just played through Prototype on Xbox 360. Fun game, though it could have used a couple more months development time... 
is my avatar coming up green as it doesn't look like it but it is everywhere else 
Having issues with Xfire broadcast. Cancelled for now 
Ugh! I wanna make my own Sackboy sooo bad! 
Put on 2lb?!..   So did 50 sit ups (pathetic I know lol ) &amp; went on the Wii Fit for a bit! Hopefully I will get into a routine again :|
Dying for Prototype, but I had to leave everything in work so I can't play till tomorrow. 
@JD_2020 Nice. I have it already. Just to bad COD had given so few keys. Make millions and PC users get it for free, but not Xbox users 
Just saw a KFC advert on the TV and I really fancy it, I'm so fat  I've put on wait according to Wii Fit as well. I need to do that more.
I want PSN friends  I have 1, lol. I am also going bed, gonna see Transfomrers 2 tomoz, YAY!
I fucking hate the devs of WoW 
@jleija79 I can't see your avatar. 
@Agent_M Amazon says its selling Halo Wars for $70 not $42. 
@iuwii they probably did it on purpose.  So you are a gamer I see?
I never realized how horrible I am at tetris 
Made this absolutely delicious chicken soup...  Then I got caught up trying out Wii fit and burnt it.  nothing sadder than burnt soup...
Motorstorm has just got harder, yay 
Man, I really want @Sega to port Jet Grind/Set Radio over to Xbox Live. Such a great series, but nowhere to be found. 
Steam price for Oblivion game of the year deluxe pack went up $10 while in my cart 
Doesn't want to return Fallout 3 to blockbuster. 
@eithion Last time the orchestra played FF music nearby, it was PLAY! - a Video Game Symphony. But I couldn't come 
@Yuricon If only Otakon were still worth attending.  
@GODFREE I'm at the end of Ghostbusters (I think) in the cemetary and my controller died   (Gamertag Radio live &gt; http://ustre.am/3q4H)
ohhhhhheadache  everyones bein hella sweet today... EA where ya at boo.
Why is my son better than me in Halo? 
Steam power is really underrated 
awww the green overlay didn't work with my avatar 
Playin the Wii...texting...waiting on hubby to get home wont be home till early in the a.m. i prob wont sleep well 
CoD 4 but its laggy as hell 
http://twitpic.com/7roev - I'm home but mommy's not around  just playing' w/ Naruto then :p hihihi
Throughout the 4 hr class I had today I was thinking about playing more Persona 3.&amp; instead of playing it when I came home, I get tied up 
@ThePimpOfSound  I was really hoping Tiger Wii++ would be super immersive.  What's wrong with it? Are you a golfer?
I keep forgetting I have a fabulous pug mug full of coffee sitting beside me.  Tetris keeps distracting me from it.
somehow destroyed yet another Nintendo product. RIP Nintendo DS 
the World of Warcraft is calling me.... must wait for Tim though 
i want to play zelda 
@majornelson Xbox.com/support is not working for me  is the team aware of this problem?
My bandmates are having Xbox issues and keep getting disconnected. This concert may be short-lived. 
Insomniac night again 
I have tomorrow off and really want to stay up and play inFamous... But I'm too tired from catching my morning flight then working 
@DasEmu Yay! Warcraft III finally worked on Ubuntu. However, I have a resolution of 1280x800 and what I get, in-game, is 1204x768 
Want to finish this SCJP exam ASAP *as i'm dying to get my hand on my new craked PSP Games.  *
Warhammer needs less bad bugs. Like fortresses forgetting to rest supply limits. 
@ghostbusters: According to Amazon.co.uk, I have to wait until 30 Nov 2009 for the Wii version 
I have to go to ISO in a bit to get my readings on the Epic of Gilgamesh. I don't want to walk. 
@mattalos I bought it from work at a yard sale. &gt;.&gt;; I have another one that I can pull out, but it doesn't have TF2 or FFXI on it. 
Oh yus played a bit of Fallout 3, although the atmosphere isn't quite the same with an ear crushing airconditioner running nearby 
I miss watching the AI season 8 top 10 finalists..... 
There's a slew of upcoming DS games I'd love to play, starting with Scribblenauts and ending with Dragon Quest IX. I want a DSi. 
@MolotovCupcake What type of dog is it? I tried to name my dog (half chow, half lab) Moogle years ago but that got vetoed 
@Topherocious That makes me sad  I hope the whole FFIV episode isn't lost forever.
ugh. my arms and wrist hurt whenever I use the keyboard. Stupid Warcraft Argent Tournament! 
Diablo for $4 at GAME? I can't believe I paid $20. 
I spelt Prototype wrong  This make me a sad panda.
Fly back next sat morning arrive round 11something. Then go home then go to AI..so busy 
@SEGA Any news of when Sonic &amp; Knuckles is out on the vintage collection? Was upset to see it wasn't there with Sonic 3 
I can't remember where I left my DS 
@ktml sims 3 is really beautiful. Prototype is scary  lol @MaverickVile plays it.. Yukky. I think it's prototype?  He had that one.
Ow an eye lash is in my eye..  Devs. an i just chocked on my own hair! :o x
@Rappelz_Game wtf that code doesnt like me 
hey i wonder if Sam might Twitter us while shes away, goin 2 go now goin 2play family night games on the Wii (with the family) 
Some guy keeps sending me invites to GoW2  it's bugging the hell out of me.
bought a wii, no games and it's not playing DVDs 
I need a Aion Beta Key  #Aion
EA Active is killing me. I haven't been this sore in awhile 
@zend13 If it doesn't let me make a measly little PSN account then I don't care much 
Currently disappointed, the new wii game (The Conduit) that was due out today has been delayed by a month 
@Sega I give up.. 
@electricclaire So cute! I don't have a Nintendo DS though 
PSN finally bringing out the big gun PS1 titles, first RE, then FF7, now MGS!!! I was excites until I realized I only have a 2GB MS 
I can't change my avatar to green...  as i don't have internetsssss
glad that it is friday! Gonna see if I can sneeze in some golf this weekend...it might end up Tiger Woods Golf or Wii golf though.. 
i used to have another cat, but it ran away when i got my dog  and i used to have a rabbit called &quot;Sonic&quot; 
Activision might stop supporting sony consoles. No mw2? 
Dave says I can't play Viva Pinata on the Xbox360 cuz I'd get cooties on the controller 
Xbox ring of death... 
so not one of you can recommend me a DS game? disappointing 
Xbox just got fried 
Still haven't found a place that replaces Crave  
@Capcom_Unity looks like maybe a long while before the blue bomber can make the Hall of Fame  but they might fix things if we r lucky
VGL was fun! too bad I'm not a big fan of RPGs 
The technology is rebelling against me this week...  Xbox 360 red ring of death, IPhone 3.0 upgrade FAIL, sql 2000 &quot;quirks&quot;... 
Ran 3 miles this morning now to go do my EA Active.  I've been slacking on it.   I'll have help from the sicko so it'll be interesting!
@joe_bevis yea and I will be in college with limited time  Come on MAG, MW2, Uncharted 2 and Assassins Creed 2.
Mii tummy is hurting so babdly.... 
DH has to work late, sometimes I can't stand his job   DS and I are walking to the mall.  Momma needs a break.
Xbox live ran out! 
Didn't get in time those Uncharted 2 beta codes that Kotaku was offering. 
@jamescollier Friggan jealous! I need some more CoD4 in my life 
@HeatherJ_1980 its my World of Warcraft character. Blizzard could make changes that would make it less effective to do her job. Thus, sad 
@SEGA is a close second, though I still haven't been able to hunt down a Saturn nor a Dreamcast for my collection. What a shame 
Really needs to catch up on his massive Naruto Shippuden backlog. It's harder to get motivated when you've read all the manga. 
@marvelvscapcom i got an issue with Megaman 9 code..  i won the voucher but cannot download the game
Dammit, I have to order Halo 3: ODST from Game, Gamestation, Amazon or Play to get the Sgt. Johnson unlock. Gameplay never get the love 
Everquest 2 I guess 
@drewmg Maybe I should wait for more challenging until after I can pass any of the Fieldrunners maps...on Easy... 
@tommcfly I have never played in Megadrive  here is not used in chile u.u
@Rebekah_McFly http://bit.ly/77bDo     It was the Xbox360 of its day, and i still feel old 
With all these rain 2night looking  another night in Xbox Land 
the green avatar is ugly 
is doing Wii Fit yoga at 2.30am because I can't sleep 
@Rocksteady11 I want vacation too 
I wish the AI tour was coming closer to my hometown.  I wasn't gonna be able to drive 7 hours for the closest stop 
Originally went to Sonic just for slushes...but couldn't avoid the chili cheese tots. 
All DSs in bed since 9. DS4 temp 100.4 &amp; he did not look well, hoping he does ok through the night. I don't think he smiled once today 
Why is it so danged hard to fin a good tutorial for creating a melee weapon for #crysis?  That's really a bummer for me 
I was doing so good working out with my Wii fit now I have broke my left arm what a set back 
just got E74 error on my 2nd Xbox 360 
Ghostbusters was sold out  but Paper Mario for to Wii is super fun!
I didn't win the free Bomberman Ultra game! 
@crotchmaster You have crushed my hope of Sonic making a come back. 
My mom said that if I want to get a phoone with unlmt web browsing, then I can't go to PAX. I guess that means no phone for me 
Re: 5pts I figured it out, I CAN do it, heh. I just need someone to play me in an obscure XBLA game no one ever plays 
made it into the mob tonight on the live 1 vs 100 on XBL.  Wish the prizes were real though.  Not in Beta unfortunately.  
Just another Halo victory... 
lol...searching for my next gaming adquisition...will it be a DS lite or DSi?? would pick DSi but it cant read R4 cards....i hate that 
Girlfriend won't even let me play with the lightsaber app on the first day that I have it! Lightsaber cock block. 
Wish I had a Wii 
@PlayingMantis37 I actually don't have WaW, only MW! I borrowed WaW for a short time and it just didn't click with me. 
@majornelson Oh man. It's so ridiciolous that we don't have Ghostbusters on Xbox here in Europe. 
damn it i wish i went to AI 
quote of the day &quot;As the minister of finance, i would like to tell you that you are not buying another NERF gun!&quot;... awww 
@dangadanga No Wii tonight homie...the only game I really could get into was the Wii Sports...and my son broke that! 
http://twitpic.com/7vry9 - Pwned by a Halo pro 
Epic quest for today..clean up my place, which looks like after a tornado 
I suck again... I lost at MarioKart  
my DS is broken 
Wii Fit Day 47. Hang over prevented Wii this morning.  Late night work meant I wasn't home til near midnight.  15 min walk then sit-ups. 
I want to play Monoply on Playstation2 but my brother didin't download it 
@yelyahwilliams Argh, I've always wanted to play that game!! But I dont have an XBox 360. Or whatever i need to play it. 
Need a new Orange Box for Xbox, old one's had it 
The Ghostbusters dude in the Silverburn GAME has the worst costume I've ever seen. He looked sad, too. 
@CateP36 haha hopefully laughter.. Although Wii usually gets too boring for me usually after half an hour.. can't sit there and play it.. 
Packed up the Wii and sent it home but now I want to play Mario Kart 
Activision wil stop making games for the Playstation 3?  Aaaah my favorite games are from that company
not going back to AI for three weeks. I think im going to miss it 
@Halo3prf: So.. you dont trust me? 
I need a Aion Beta Key 
@dindiqotu true, but 'xbob' has its advantages too... the chainsaw game for one.. the Wii is sadly murder, drug and prostitute free  hehe
@aion_ayase I preordered Aion but have not recieved any codes to join in either of the beta weekends advertised  How I get them?
sore from Wii  walking around like a grandma.
Almost started crying after bfast. DA was my vid game / volleyball / MMORPG / tv / movie buddy. Really gonna miss him 
@katie_andhearts PSP? Weiird. I want internet on my psp 
is bored as andre is playing on the wii 
@kingsqueen75 we want a wii  lol
Watching pokemon while waiting to go. What is with the new pokemon? I dont know any 
WOW inFAMOUS have glitchs lik crazy sometimes interferes in mission 
Gutted I'm missing out on free RPG day  Waylands Forge is a way to go for me though :/
just read smtn on the AI site that kinda scares me 
In a long line at the BMV. Left my DS in the car. And there's  no A/C. 
Prototype is beginning to grow stale and I'm not even 50% through it 
Beginning 2nd round of Settlers of Catan in our marathon....my numbers are not good... 
Is Shit At Playing Halo 
My sister got a Roboraptor for her 6th bday and I'm well jealous. She won't share 
Critics are calling Dragonball Online a masterpiece; only makes me want it more 
@gimmeapuck @nylved nooooooo I'm begging you no speaking of Sonic...I think the closest one to me is about a 100 mile drive 
I HATE my camera!!! I thought I had footage of me beating Serra on Xbox, but nope 
Going to install CoH tonight... update city I'm guessing! 
thinks tonight will be a longgggg night  -Due to nextdoor- I dunno what to do =/ Music? Tv? Xbox? or Sleep? xD
Arghh, I think it's unhealthy to play on the Wii for more than 3 hours. Anyone else agree? Revision now. Coffee isn't an option 
@StarLevi did you hear nintendo canceled the new Zelda game? 
@sherhof This was the Xbox 
@Wizzer2801 I would love to have a Wii but it's just not in the budget 
Playing Wii Sports by myself  @stellerm8 wish you were here to play insane games of tennis lol some crazy moments we had Haha
@gen_calichick 
@mjgiarlo my green avatar didn't seem to help. 
Need Microsoft Points  so much DLC!
@ColinBrannan  that sucks, it isn't RROD is it?
disappointed my Spyro 2 game is broken 
Playing 1 vs 100 on XBL. I suck so much 
@mintie Actually makes me want to get a Canon 5DS with a tiltshift lens...:p  But $7000+ on gear is not on the table for me anymore 
If my account does get rewound because of the XBL data, it will happen early this week  -and I won't have time to re-use it 
just tried http://helpiranelection.com/ but i think it destroyed my avatar 
about to  break my router into a million pieces... no XBL access again  time to call the cable co
@HelloKittyRocks My weekends are the same  but I have tons of hw too! summer school ftl. P.S. http://tinyurl.com/2wrfgv HelloKitty MMORPG
ooow! The controls have ran out of battery!  I can't play GTA anymore...
I'm currently ANGRY that somehow my FFVI game's memory was WIPED &amp; I was halfway through! I'll give up on it.  I'll try Castlevania next.
i wanted jordin sparks to sing Battlefield 
@TheRealJordin just got off stage... Amazing... sad she didnt perform Battlefield 
Hmmm....a Left 4 Dead 2 for the Playstation 3.....that interesting....must be fake...Valve do not like the Playstation 3 
just found out I can't have unofficial mods on my xbox 360 games. so sad 
@pipey21 aw  I only played at someone's house while my friend was babysitting, so I just used the kids' Miis haha.
was supposed to do Wii Active today but my neck is SO sore!  taking a rest day, back @ it tomorrow. going to play some tennis tomorrow too
@copperbird7  Your avatar not showing here 
fixed the RROD on my 360... but the xbox 360 is still not functional 
being in an arcade reminds me very muchly of tegoshi yuya. i miss my fandom, alot 
Just reported a fourth Steam phishing attempt on me to Valve. Kinda scary how many people are out there trying to steal from others. 
@ronnietucker I really want a new game but can't decide between Ghostbusters, Prototype, inFamous, Red Faction: Guerrilla, or L4D. 
@EllieRiku23 Earthbound was never released in Europe &gt;.&lt; Just like Super Mario RPG.... 
Mt. Dew 'Horde' is a ripoff. It's the same flavor as the Halo 3 Gamer Fuel. 
@ChrissiMiller I'd love to cept I don't own an Xbox!  I play at my friends house on local play
hmmm. i seem to have lost my CoD 5 disc  i wanna kill nazi zombies!
@janedebond Am still putting off getting on the Wii Fit after going to France because it won't be good 
Just got the furthest I've ever got on Sonic 2 (with knuckles) and then I dropped the controller on the SEGA and it froze 
Arghhh my iPod is about to run out of battery and i forgot my DS and MP3 Player  Ahhh man. Tweet tweet &lt;3.
still waiting for the sun to appear. No excuse not to do Wii fit if its cloudy 
Just used Wii Fit again since 220+ days and got the confirmation of what my belts and trousers were telling already 
on the plane &amp; in the last row  but close 2 bathroom &amp; I have tea + 1 L water! still on time! #C2EA #YAI
Awake before the boy, as per. He's banned me from Bejeweled 
@SuperKaylo me neither  hmm.... thinking not to get F1 2009 on Xbox360 then
@_Cube_ LOL glad u liked it  ... i thought it was funny but, i had consumed 2 glasses of wine 
On a different note : Forza Azzurri !! give me something to be happy about in football 
Playing Wii with nephew n niece.. I'm such a LOOOOSEEEEEER!!!  http://myloc.me/4Q7O
Anyone had issues with things not downloading from Xbox Live but taking the points? Bf just lost 800 pts on Halo mappacks 
has been told she might have glandila fever.......how did get that it sure puzzles me! 
new ps4 It seems like the Playstation 4 release date has varied from 2010, 2011, and 2014. not been anouced yet 
@Outspark i wanna download fiesta again! i miss it  but my pc wont let me download anything anymore !!! t_t -CRRYY-
@ADrunkReaper is that the Forza post? I saw it earlier, he says in it hes taken the idea from you 
is not active in YoVille anymore...  http://plurk.com/p/12qe2y
why do MMO's take up so much space 
Sending emails, sending emails. After that, something to lunch, an hour or two on Xbox live, and then draw. At night, work 
@IRNRYN I would, but just got Prototype and gonna give it a whirl. 
@GamersGate Why couldn't ya have offered the discounte SotS last week when I bought the whole pack + Argos from D2D? 
And my xbox dies on NXE yet again....it's not been the same since last week's downtime 
Xbox has RROD today.  Still within extended warranty tho
Needs a new Xbox 360 game as I've just finished Dead Space...seems like no decent games have been released recently  any suggestions?
@Fatal_Kiss @TVCasualty I am playing Xbox, and have no idea what to use as a theme 
@Outspark is it 59, 58 26. Ahhh i suck at this game 
@mattydee87 Do you play pool in GTA or something? I did all story missions, I have nothing much to do now 
My scratched Halo 3  http://flic.kr/p/6yJRvo
Finally got a Sniper Rifle in Fallout 3 last night, but the stupid raider I got it from didn't look after it, not usable! 
@Capcom_Unity what happened 
@Outspark that's PG-13 
I want Left 4 Dead 2!! Looks amazing - and gory! Only for XBox or PC though  http://bit.ly/525Et
Why does it take so long to get a couple of drinks from my Sonic? 
Microsoft crapped all over my parade. I was hoping to make a super-violent fighting game with Natal using the Avatars. 
Xbox is hard 
Played some more FFVII. Sector 7 slums pancaked. 
Crossing Paths is a sad Pokemon episode. 
still in the office and not so sure if I will make it to the Depeche Mode concert today 
Definition of Demo: good demo=demonstration; bad demo=demolition 
@GameHouse i am seriously missing some caffeine..my b/f thinks i drink too much soda so we have to go a week without any soda  lol
@chicagorock i tried to pick up the reissue of &quot;Reckoning&quot; at my local bestbuy and they didnt have it!! i have to order it online 
Still at work, sorting the Sonic stuff from today... very tired. 
wii fit and listening to @davidarchie i miss him already.  8/24?!?!?!?
@AdieJonas i have a entireeeeee collection of Pokemon cards....i had so many favourites and now i forgot most of them  
Rockband isn't as fun when you're playing alone 
@marcosatanaka for me it's about 75-78%, don't remember for sure, cuz my Xbox now with RROD 
really want GOW2 
OMGPOP isnt loading correctly 
@jcpmcs could have picked a better zelda 
The XBox broke, and 4 months after warranty too.  Another one has taken it's place but it's still sad 
@helenthornber Just as well, otherwise it'd just give me even more reason to grump about all over the place! Sonic makes me feel old too 
@NuclearNoah Fallout 3 is a single player RPG only, no multipler I am afraid, so you are not missing anything. Sorry 
low on credit  || via http://m.itsmy.com/
Depeche Mode rocked bigtime, I got soooo wet due to heavy raining... 
@kokotoni Rockstar clearly have no fucking clue what made Max Payne good and just focused on &quot;shooting shit&quot;. Halo demographic wins again 
Sonic lot full 
@serialseb @jpboodhoo I experienced the same, there is only a _very_ small number of devs willing to invest in them selfs 
@ucsmiles So papa'a! We finally stayed at the Grand Wailea; my 9yo DS will miss your DS (and his akamai-ness)...understand completely tho 
@JayDoubleyouDee I have the Wii, you buy the beatles rock band. I think my guitar and drums are only compatible with guitar hero games... 
I'm just afraid to loose you  srry I Miis you
Getting butt handed to me in Warcraft 3 
Doing research on GameGuard since Aion will be using it. Not seeing very good things about it  Here's hoping it won't be bot infested!
Playing [Prototype] had to start over  when I recovered gamertag didn't load the new memory
I loved Wii Wednesday! I won the Mario Kart championship! Yoshi is the best! Haha! Too bad I'm not going next wednesday! 
@NJDevilNYGuy WaW forums were fun earlier. nobody is replying now 
Once again, I'm gonna die out of boredom because I've completed Pokemon Platinum. Any good DS games to recommend? 
Does this mean no RapeLay?    http://www.hurl.ws/3rkf
and the Fallout 3 Patch to Version 1.6 ist out too ... and in combination with Broken Steel it still crashed when exiting the game 
@snarkattack I thought I was actually going to see a LEGO wig. 
just started mirror's edge, so hard and frustrating I didnt even finish first challenge, wish I was playing LBP instead 
I forgot how much I love and totally kick ass at the original Unreal Tournament. We need to have a LAN soon damn it 
is getting nowhere with NFSU on his phone. 
is getting nowhere with NFSU on his phone.  http://plurk.com/p/13sdcj
I just played Cubis 2 on my ipod for about 2 hours.. and I cannot stop sneezing, so I cant fall asleep - gahhhhh 
Too addicted to FFXI, I forgot I had twitter 
@ratchet34321 What's happened to it Ratchet? 
Wii arm 
I wanna play Prototype. 
Its a boring time today....nothing to do....only gaming Xbox 
im the happiest when it rains..  ja-ne!  missed Naruto Shippuuden 
her score in Bejeweled Blitz is dropping, TERRIBLY 
Farkle on facebook is too dang addicting 
@WilliamdeGraaf In fact, it was a rental. i didn't know. They just plugged off the DS4700 
@twoismboc &amp; I stayed up too late playing Wii Sports. I am so terrible, but we both laughed &amp; had a great time. I am going to miss him. 
I really want to bring Cave Story with me to work so I can relive the MAGIC. But my PSP is still disassembled. 
@southwestboaz damn we got a slight problem!!!! I don't wear, nor own any of those items!!!  but I want a blue DS!!! lol
@svanelli Are there any new cool games for the Wii?  I haven't played the Wii in ages 
@JulesFletcher We do MGS here. We have COD but it kills my vertigo  As a kid Id give barbie a crewcut and play GI Joes
Updating all his programs on the new berry.  So far so good... But my Sudoku times are all gone.  
the Gamer looks awesome, but unfortunately it makes the outlook for a potential Ender's Game movie doubtful. 
@newbs_faja I'm soweeee for being asleeep soo long!  but i'm here for the turning 14 partt 
Spore galactic adventures won't let me share my newest adventure  Asking for help on the forums.
I have to take my PSP apart. 
Ive been jumping between MMOs for so long I don't know what to do with myself when I realize I don't want to play any of them. 
@C_S15 But are you in any way surprised OA didn't launch today? Another job well done SCEE 
I love how everyone around the GTA is getting thunder and rain besides me. Always manage to miss it. 
The European PSN Store update is rubbish this week  I don't know what I wated but it wasn't that stuff!
Finished Chrono Trigger DS today. Now sad. 
tweeting from my brand new Sony PSP... just because I CAN!!  
@lucky_23 Your avatar is teh purdiness 
Testing out my DSi on this site. It rocks 
@mony_ bonjour, Wii is more fun 
@edinatl yup, HAWX is awesome, I love that game  Co-Op multiplayer taking on tanks, bombers, fighters! It's amazingly fun 
Ordered my DSi and GTA. Can't wait 
at resolution of 1680x1050, all medium settings to test on fraps locked 30 FPS perfectly smooth video, on youtube now...  link to follow
Just broke 10,000 in Xbox 360 Achievements 
Just finished Killzone 2 - very satisfying 
Battlefield Heroes is just awesome! 
@howlingeverett am just happy that people are getting into the prototyping and modelling half decent models in 3DS max already 
Haha! Genius! Wii is not ONLY for kids= http://bit.ly/PxtJQ  
@benasmith liking the new and improved avatar 
gonna go on COD WAW with niall  wish me luck xx
gotta go to work in about 15 or so. played GTA: Chinatown Wars a lot last night. Anyone who has a DS should get that game, it's that good 
Awake and ready for another beautiful day! Tile Status - all tile is down - finishing and grouting today! So psyched  Xbox I miss u
rounding up for this afternoon. Tonight the work will continue - most likely after a Wii game 
@Rockstar_Sid 8k now .. 
ended up being online forever. the sun is gone, urgh. have SFIV event I have to help out. kind a drag but ok - cuz I get to see someone! 
@history_prog watching Shockwave !! 
@gaydarbroken I've liked buttons rather than sticks even since Atari 
I'm looking forward to some Halo very soon. 
playing pokemon platinum.....so tired...its 12:32 a.m. i am also making some sweet graphics for my sites. 
About to head out and over to Myst for a night of dancing 
Epic night  and im in a good mood too
@tweetles NIce! What consoles you got? 
@thenewsithari morning to you The Blizzard is  #ASOT400
@mantis21 The Blizzard  #ASOT400
just &quot;following&quot; people.. gotta sleep now. GoD bless everyone 
@tweetles I have a Wii and its a lot of fun!! Just playing tennis on it will give you a workout 
Locations done, now to put the finishing touches to Stonehythe RPG.. should be done by end of the day 
It's Double XP weekend on CoD:WaW PS3 
Gamestop with the boy then noodles with both kids for a belated b-day dinner - why do I think I'm buying? 
hi @PaigePelot !  ! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/12KoF0 *** free download &amp; have fun  cheers
hi @BrandonEclipse ! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/12KoF0 *** free download &amp; have fun  cheers
hi @RachelLeeH ! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/12KoF0 *** free download &amp; have fun  cheers
hi @LoriBlue4508  ! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/12KoF0 *** free download &amp; have fun  cheers
@AnnaBanana74 sounds like a new toy by Hasbro. 
I think even my armpits are sunburnt. but @littlecow12, there is online Fluxx if you'd like the link....  Thanks for playing today!!
@nathaneide Nathan, have two Moto's a Fantom Comp DS and an Immortal Force.  No problem with either or the company.  
Someone in UNITED STATES liked Armor Picross 2 http://tinyurl.com/c43pnz 
great night @stefangilbert, @mitchblack, and @shanegrant. Thanks fo the great games of Halo  
@cuppycakee 1) it cost 50 friggin dollars and its like new. 2) Wii !!  xD
is back from walking/jogging to her mom's, doing the Wii Fit, and walking back 
Just got a full version of Peggle for my mac 
@j1026 haha warcraft?! girl u probably love warcraft as much as i love Halo!!  lol
@doast Thanks for the offer of your Xbox360.  I have implemented a solution   Loderunner this week - Woot!
jungle joose + Wii= one crazy, but fun nite 
@ukalipt turned out nice. You must have been whipping those devs 
yay! getting to play the wii.... failing will be fun 
watching pokemon 
btw forgot to mention we bought a Wii and Wii Fit yesterday. V good deal in Gamestation. Can't wait to try out Wii Fit 
Wondering why Capcom found it necessary to comically increase Zangief's bulk throughout the Street Fighter games 
Finally fully awake now... bout to get a Protein shake in then fux with tha Wii Fit 
@lowestformofwit cool  i will defo be up for WaW if you need me!
@marieskizo Epic! did they sing any new songs? (without telling to much!!) 
My first OPI: DS Desire. Preparing to try it now 
XBOXers: Match skills with my son on Halo--he's pretty good!  Send a friend invite to parkerblade25. I might sneak on occasionally too 
Playing World of Goo from the MacHeist package. Addictive and fun. 
hi @almostbrenda ! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/12KoF0 *** fresh, kickin', different! free dl &amp; have fun 
solved a Rubik's Cube last night. 
Grinding for magic essence in Warcraft.  Suprisingly fun 
It was a long day yesterday.Peace and quiet today....oh and Madworld on the Wii 
@FizzyDuck hi ! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/12KoF0 *** fresh, kickin', different! free dl &amp; have fun 
just finished my first triathlon of the season! Rockstar 
Mentally prepping myself for a night of #Wii and kicking ppls ass 
@nightmarechild i hope you are taking screenshots, gief me screenshots when j00 can plz~~  grats on the new crit too! 
Running off to play Pokemon Platinum 
@Ihnatko  You really should come to Croatia and see our flea markets. Some real Atari, Commodore and old Yugoslavian hardware 
An Hour until work, i guess thats enough time for some Fallout 3 lovin' 
hi @orchidbau ! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/12KoF0 *** fresh, kickin', different! free dl &amp; have fun 
hi @bLuE_hEfNeR ! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/12KoF0 *** fresh, kickin', different! free dl &amp; have fun 
hi @RyanSeacrest! I would suggest music of my electro project *** http://bit.ly/12KoF0 *** fresh, kickin', different! free dl &amp; have fun 
@thomcopestake Think of your yummy baking and new Ratchet and Clank to play 
@lucyporter Yay! I spent most of Good Friday playing GTA: Chinatown Wars! Worth buying a DSi for! 
I think i will clean my Razer mouse and Battlefield mousepad, and get ready for the Battlefield 2 and 2142 patch 
Played the new UFC Demo till my hands bled.. and guess what? i cant wait to wake up and play it some more 
@DARRENJ0NES loving your new snake  http://twitpic.com/3laqe
watching come dine with me. about to get my gamer out 
@jcafarley I'm not sure if you can say the same for FFXI, but PSU doesn't require a gold sub - only the monthly sub. Just a minor point 
Never thought I would do that: Bought a XBox360 Elite after I borought another XBox360 for one week from a friend. Enjoying Fable2 a lot 
@navinpai No. I expect you to believe that it is just an avatar *sweetly smiles* 
rFactor is so awesome I could cry 
Borrowing SSBB from a friend. 
@Epic_Ninja there's nothing like a little bit of rain to wake the muses,  let it soak.
new Blizzard podcast today! but only 10 minutes! LAME! 
@aplusk the shoe game should be a Wii game 
@renkai If Dungeon Mastering can be considered an art... but kinda hard to show you a performance 
@zaphodgjd Where are you working now Graeme?  Hope the move went well.  Followed your work since the id Software days, enjoying Halo Wars 
Yay got a new [and totally unoriginal] avatar! 
I hope they stick with the short matches.  Its a very refreshing feeling coming from the other Battlefield games.  Missions are awesome 
@PotatoHead ok I gotta go back to getting my ass pwned on SFIV online ranked matches til I start winning... I'll do it on break tomorrow 
Check out Shade360's review of OutRun Online Arcade over at www.genuinegamers.com 
Wow, really no one? I guess 9500 goes to no one, way to waste a milestones guys lol woke up, can't sleep, gonna play Tetris 
@ArigusX207 no worries - pretty soon yer whole priorities would shift n excelling in Fallout will become most important thing in yer life 
@pseud0random @dinidu Blizzard Entertainment I.e. World of Warcraft,made big profits too. Guess more ppl are finding virtual lives better 
Finally! After getting back into Halo 3 hard core this weekend, just reached skill 10 and was able to move into the officer class  w00t!
finally unlocked all the SFIV characters, thanks to my niece 
@stephenfry  i enjoyed you as reaver in Fable 2 
@stephenfry i would imagine it's the PSP version of LittleBigPlanet. it's just been announced and they'd be insane not to get you back 
@chillingo Hello guys, check out one more Toki Tori preview  http://tinyurl.com/taptori  I love this game so much on Wii... can't wait!
@calmer410 Guitar Hero is tooooo easy, O2Jam nicer  But Halo is still the best.
@chibialfa is there any new games worth checking? My last games are GTA China town, Rhythm Heaven, Touch Mechanic and Trackmania 
@myhaloromance DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM!!!! I ? Gir 
Palying Tomb Raider Underworld for Nintendo DS, I love this game 
@alexferrer this VGChartz.com site has some very interesting stuff   http://tinyurl.com/dnl7nw
Got to see Wolverine today.  Such an awesome movie!  I also got to play DDR and Singstar with friends.  What a fun night! 
@mandy2610 lol...sure...neither @goon360 nor @sedington86 are coming either...so i guess i'll just stick to GOW2 or BP. 
Playing Call of Duty 4 one of my friends Aldo (GODFATHERALDO) on XBOX LIVE 
Currently destroying Megaman 9 while watching Sportscenter. 
Thanks to Popcap I get WOW + Peggle.  That's like crack + heroin. 
@raytoro hey ray!! i know u like videogames do u like devil may cry? 
@Daxter80000 oh okay.  I got scared in the hospital morgue. I swear I heard someone grunting.
@xlad i'm loving your new avatar 
Gamer friends ! Add me on Steam, XFire,GamerDNA XboxLIVE etc,ninjakrash is the gamertag, Started back on PC gaming too  L4D anyone?
@aeriagames Shaiya , best game I've ever played 
i am now ranked #62 in outrun online arcade 
is wondering if anyone has any Nintendo Wii club points (card inside Nintendo products) spare. Message me please if you do  x
@WeeWifie1981 I think I lost my DS card, will have a look thanks.  I feel like shit today, must have the bug going around
@gamingbits nah, we're playing who's your favorite EA employee  @Weezul, I can haz game? Just kidding bro...lol.
@shoinan you and that game!  play a good JRPG!  
@ElLocoMarko we're starting a new DnD 3.5 campaign.  
Not going to post on DS today. I get in the way!!! 
Mario Kart Talluluh Bella: TAG: 8 Things: Beat my boyfriend on Wii Mario Kart - really beat him  2. .. http://tinyurl.com/clcyav
hasn't updated this for a long time. She's killing it with GHWT drums 
@jewphish I will try and find it online because that was on someones PSP at college before 
In about 4 hours, I'll be playing Battletech boardgame for the first time in years.  Finally  
Pwned at Mario Kart so now I'm resting on my laurels and watching my bro and my lady fight it out 
buying the legendary map pack on Halo 3 has been worth it just for social big team on Avalanche Heavy 
Belting it out on SingStar has to be one of my favourite things to do. 
They're playing basketball on the Xbox again. They keep demanding rematches from each other, now on best of 7. This is very entertaining. 
My daughter just started her first Pokemon tournament. 
Going to play some GTA 4 
According to @Vipercy15 the Blizz D got me about 30 points! 
http://www.justin.tv/nexy &lt;----watch it NOW if u love MLG 
Call Of Duty WAW Zombies with a friend 
I love watching JRD get angry at his new Tiger Woods Wii golf game... he's cute when he's frustrated. 
Catching up with family and playing our favorite game of Yahtzee! 
Now, some Rockband!! 
bout to whoop up my man in some Wii tennis for the billionth time. He never learns 
This is not a RPG twitter, people. louiselane is my current nickname. Just to make it clear. 
@EA Giveaways are flockin' awesome! 
@FoxyUK oooo wiii i do have one of those wii fitt is amazing 
@astroengine If you'll have the opportunity to see the rerun, don't miss it! Barca played like...Playstation 4! 
wii fit really makes you workout.. phew! 
just recorded 6 strikes and 4 spares in Wii bowling. If only I could do that on the actual lane in a real bowling alley 
Going to play a good old game favorite: Battlefield 2 
@AgingBackwards Hey stranger. Like the new avatar.  How are you?
JamLegend.  shall we play?
Watching Naruto Shippuden 
Battlefield hereos is a hoot. Carnage as always 
Good day  Things are changing and I'm not sure if I like it right now...I'm now going to learn how to &quot;Train My Brain&quot; on a Nintendo DS 
Finally caught up and got an Xbox 360 four years later, now Halo, Fable, and Guitar Hero are taking over my life. It's very nice 
@danharris Love your 'updated' avatar. 
@natashawescoat Blu Ray's in the PS3, but there are good Blu Ray players for less. The boys are hooked on the Xbox, I like the Wii. 
why use AI anyway? once they get the power they are going to use us as their batteries................... 
the new demo is almost here! and i hear it sounds very good. 
i am loving my nintendo DSi! as a matter of fact, i'm using it to send this twitter. he he he 
@dueltommycha DO IT!!  You won't regret it!  Just make sure you get Halo 3 dude.  
@Dannychoi13 @pimpmamadeb  I eat kfc at least once a week. Sonic is guilty pleasure  http://myloc.me/sup
I feel #LBP is calling me~ Be back later! 
@TracerBullet @eddus I'll send it to you once it's 'actually' finished. It's pre-demo right now, but basically ready to be demoed. 
@jojorara Rockband is the coolest. You have the drummer,singer,&amp; 2 guitar players 
Html for the site is finished.  Just basic updates left, and posting to further establish the plot and DS canon characters. Come join us! 
Epic bike ride was epic. Biked for a good solid hour and a half 
I was able to fix my computer. Epic win timez r nao 
Someone in UNITED STATES liked Picross Quest http://tinyurl.com/cn46kp 
Mines getting sent to Xbox for free 
Anyone got any Nintendo Gameboy/ Gameboy Color cartridges? Found my old Gameboy Color. I want to play again.  
@ShantiSaha don't u want dev to go home! 
@BearNoiz Played An.World, played Flashback, played Starcon 2, played Fallout, played every Psygnosis game out for the Amiga and the ST 
Got back from helping my sis with stuff for my niece's 1st birthday. I saw a PSP/DS lite car charger in Toy Kingdom SM for only P250!! 
Zelda Fans!!! pand_i - Zelda: The minnish cap, and a want for more music taste: Zelda = epic  I&amp;#.. http://tinyurl.com/d7jvop
I'm still here! I just changed my avatar 
@thunderror Heh heh heh, come on! It is a THQ release! Ah well, I can try almost anything that is billed as RPG! 
@thunderror ... and that includes the chota-chota stuff released by Reflexie Arcade too! 
@LucyKD DSi is the latest Nintendo DS with 2 cameras + stuff built in. We are a Gadget house. Luckily I get my blackberrys free from work 
Rockstar photographer shoot went great tonight. A little different than the usual stuff - very nice. 
@bsouthern - love your new avatar! 
And now for some CoD4. 
::Ugh:: Euro Civ exam... Studio Later though 
just got a wii 
playing Wii! 
Yay! Bannerbomb for the Wii is finally out. I can run homebrew on my 4.0 Wii. 
@chocolatepixels I have a new found respect for you now that I know you know the Konami code! 
As a reward for getting so much done yesterday, I'm playing World of Warcraft today. Yay! 
Bioshock is as fantastic as the first time I played it. Now sleep then more Bioshock tomorrow 
working my way through a Myst maze while my video exports 
Singstar  after stupid downloads finish ;(
Finally got Xbox Live up and running again, stupid router, ah well. Serious gaming time later on 
@Rockstar_Sid I did  $3 for a full length video. Not bad 
@mattmarquess may I please have a couple promo codes to your EA apps? Thanks so much! 
A post on my Warhammer blog for anyone interested  http://bit.ly/Uwl7M
Playing &quot;The Simpsons Game&quot; for Nitentdo DS Light *_* 
@utjenn  Do u mean ur tired because u have 2 go 2 work or u got ur Wii 2 work &amp; now ur tired?   
@Sims3Nieuws just have been away for 2 years: not playing sims but World of Warcraft 
Still awake lol Finished talking to a really good Brawl player. We talking in SmashSpace.ning.com  Join the website if you like SSBB! 
@uncultured Contra was one of the best games ever.  Its ok to be a Konami nerd 
More Cheerleading today &lt;3 , Putting AI Episodes onto DVD at the moment 
I am looking at the Wii i might buy one 
a waitress has just spilt gravy on me. I'm gg to win Mahjong tonight 
Great Punch-Out!! commercial http://is.gd/yuct Nintendo should do more ads like this one for the Wii 
haas just got in from playing cricket with nix stacey charleigh and siobhan.   Epic fail
Sonic breakfast tacos and perfect day scoped out 
@wizardfkap Thaaanks! How's life in Metaverse? 
#underrated Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure. A quality DS game everyone with a DS should try  (think Mario + RockmanX)
Format XP desktop, check. Finally buy BioShock, check. Toasty warm slippers and a mug of cocoa, check. I &lt;3 lazy Sundays. 
Pokemon's newest season aired yesterday. It's titled Pokemon: Galactic Battles. The theme song is really good. 
@InstantAction I'm new on twitter and I'm talking to myself  Legions is the best and only FPS game I will ever get addicted to for 1 year.
Ok there is a level in on-line LBP based on SpongeBob that is very trippy byCuriousGreg. Play it  #littlebigplanet
@dannychoo the Konami code thing's really cool, thanks for sharing it with everyone  never would've imagined haha
@Marshalus I was thinking hopefully this just branched off a new timeline seperate from the TNG/VOY/DS9 universe   10 days til I know.
I found the perfect local arcade about 30 min   www.gamegalaxyarcade.com/arcade.
@bbmillie watching opening theme of Fushigi Yuugi! *= memories*= 
@mikecheung well, tell me if you want to sell it..  I might buy brand new Wii console for my 17 nieces &amp; nephews on the next few weeks..
@NataschaArtworx Your new avatar is pretty 
Twitteando desde el DSi 
Trying to decide; watch this season's Heroes or play XBOX? WARNING: XBOX 360 may lead to Chronic Insomnia. 
playing Wii. Lots and lots of fun. The best investment ever!! had it for almost 2 years and there are no regrets 
@CodySIO ohhshitt! I happen to own BOTH Pokemon silver &amp; crystal. yeahhbaby!  When you guys come down to STL i shall present you w/them 
watching The Lair at Kyes tonight  so he can laugh at drunken me &gt;.&lt;
@DavidArchie did you watch AI on star world? 
Just got off-line from that Gears of War 2...love that game!!  Now its off to checkin things online!!  Woot!! 
http://twitpic.com/552o4 - Puzzle done  it was a hard one (that's what he said)
@GaryPHayes where's our machinima? 
LOL. Just had Chinese knockoffs of Blokus and Blokus Trigon delivered.  Exact replicas, one-tenth the price.  http://tinyurl.com/q8g6ea
Oh I love the 'dd' command  Needed it for the #bootmii Wii hack. My PQI SDHC seems to not be compatible with anything I wanted to do.
@carmijoice haha, me too.20 mre mins.LOL!AI will start a bit soon.aahha 
AI is touching 
The theme song of Bionic Command: Rearmed is just soooo great 
@Pikmin no surely you want the 7 weeks off first? if you don't I'll easily take them 
I feel like I should play &quot;Spyro&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/oxejnx
@Pikmin has to be one of my favourite ever songs that  nice, a change is as good as a rest, does that mean I get to shout at juveniles?
@DavidArchie  i watched you in sis i was there, i was the girl crying. ) you improved a lot since AI. i hope you're having fun here. 
@kcofficial my favorite songs were from the AI days 
 &quot;Nintendo DSi Portable Game System - What Will You and i Do?&quot; ( http://tinyurl.com/b3yobq )
Halo timeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee wit Franchise... dang nicca save some kills for me 
@ramielemalubay Do you still keep in contact with the AI cast? 
@dannygokey glasses rule.    kudos on a great run on AI.
12:20 and Sonic is still open, this makes one happy girl. 
Just for the record, Peggle is amazing! Screenshots coming in next tweet 
I've decided that I am excited for the English release of Tatsunoko vs. Capcom. I can always just buy another Wii! 
Right now im Subscribed to: GameScoop!; Three Red Lights; IGN Daily Fix and GameScoop! Video Newsbreaks! all IGN podcasts 
@HALO_3_FANS hey, good to see another #halo3 player, anyone fancies a game anytime just follow n I'll give you my XBL details 
I played Singstar so much, my throat hurts........ 
he is - I love reading but its taken a back seat to kids, TV and Xbox - time for a change 
@Jameslicious You're doomed. Peggle will eat your life  http://bit.ly/Gj4PJ
finally in bed  my body hurts tho, has to be from Wii...i lost
Just ate dinner after watching a reply of AI... going to mass in a while 
Minis minis everywhere 
Waiting for addsor outside la porchetta. Epic as day. It contained the maximum amount of lols that a day can. So keen. 
@Heartshopping Haha amazing! I might give him an add later on Xbox 
@white_eagle I disagree with you. Naruto is better. 
watching AI marathon. enjoyin this 
@illutic WP/WPMU = WordPress Rockstar.  *They* are coming soon (in the list).
I've finally found people to discuss DBZ with! 
Going to church. 0   (Halo smiley!)
@lnwreal  you doing quests or somthing?
@BluntNate video camera. Or, tell me if I should buy a DSi 
@nirrasue i know i like adam, but somehow i want kris to win AI. hahaha...  ntah knapa
@claytonmorris congrats on your Wii win! 
@iamjeffr It's a compliment to have your following!  To your continued WiiFit success!
#Xbox Loving the fight night round 4 demo 
@Agent_M Pitfall was my fave Atari game    I thought I was the shizz when I mastered the 3 gator jump, lol
@danimichelle I like the new avatar. You don't look evil or hateful at all (to me). 
@ViNull That's awesome!  That'd probably make a great video too ! I loved watching Naruto Shippuden. 
Finally finished putting all my Sonic The Hedgehog comics in protective cases and the box is almost full. YAY 
@COGBones I just 1350 pointed Fallout 3 
Picking up a Wii  joining civilization finally!! A Wii party is soon to follow 
I'm leaving the presence of my computer and the awesome people that are in it to re-read OOTP. 
My boyfriend is the best! He got me 2 new XBOX 360 games  thanks @epsinkeith.
@FanBoysMustDie hello there maybe I must destroy you in killzone 2, but I will not know your PSN name! what is this? maybe you follow? 
Just won a race by half a minute  For those that haven't played it, try out GTR Evolution, well worth downloading the demo at least.
still miserable out there. marquee from yesterdays bbq nearly flew away. philip and Anthony  on Wii, gin shouting at me from cupboard 
got the last XBL gold bundle pack for $60 
@Promette It only loads secs for the Monopoly game. I play alot every night with my buddies 
@collective_soul hope u were able to get Catan too! 
going on the wii 
@CoriandrExpress would you like me to make you an avatar? 
Finally downloading the CoD4 Variety Map Pack 
http://bit.ly/ynkDq  Naruto sucks, but the credit song is kick ass 
@S1ckH4nds yeah, I do too. But I played it at an arcade in Austin and it was actually pretty fun.  I'm garbage at SFIV though.
I have DS2 and a very cute plushie at my side. 
@Wossy Lol just been playing golf on the Wii all day im trying to beat my husband  xx
Sonic  i know it sounds like i go there a lot :p
@magaman Nintendo invite for #E3? Check Nintendo's press site, look for press releases w/ contacts listed. Ask. 
@majornelson - old school, new school...who cares. Bioshock is awesome no matter what you call it. 
Making Kandii and playing Xbox all week. YEY! I love my boy, too. 
Get the Nintendo Wii hopefully 2moro! Yay! 
@ryanseacrest CONGRATS for hitting a million!  R U ready for AI to go on hiatus?
@InsideGaming  What is your gamertag? 
Someone in UNITED STATES liked Picross Quest http://bit.ly/65He0  
@TiaSparkles @salbrecht And I concur on the demo 
any Vancouverites not using their Nintendo DSi and Wii Fit?  I'm looking for one if you want to sell it! 
Just bought Call of Duty: World at War from Steam for 25$.. Sweeeet 
back to work! now: interview with a Rockstar (MAG) 
today it has been 9 years since jathiros originally created for an MMO. I still identify with him. time surely flies by 
today it has been 9 years since jathiros was originally created for an MMO. I still identify with him. time surely flies by 
Ha! Just got a note in fb saying i went to school with a &quot;Zelda&quot;. I have a Nintendo in my life and a Zelda shows up just like that 
@penguingirl74 @turtlegirl73 Sackboy's probably small enough to go with you isn't he? 
im attempting to &quot;wind down&quot; in my room, my ipod shuffle is dependable..  L.G.B.N.A.F. pure gangsta shit.  i heard Ice-T is into Xbox btw 
isn't going out now so will stay in and play Runescape 
@NickBray hell yeah Trism is excellent (reminds me of Hexic on the xbox. Thanks for the recommendation 
nice weekend... hoping for a nice week too  AI PUTO!!
MGS4 Coming to XBOX360 - Holder page launched http://www.konami.jp/kojima_pro/next/    (check the page source)  
@tamewhale Its actually the only cheat thats stuck in my head from my Megadrive days, its the 'debug' code from Sonic 1 
@FLS_Danicia EQ2 or Age of Conan! 
@Pikmin sometimes there is  it just depends really. you're very kind to me. don't go! lol or at least check in now and then x
I was playing my Wii and now I'm watching Underworld, Rise of the Lycans cuddled with my puppy. Sox just knows how to make my day.     
playing Picture Sudoku on HappyMeal.com.au 
@scott_mills Hey, heard about gaming weekend! Will you be playing music from older games like Sonic and Ristar or newer 1 like Halo? 
I'm asking people on my XBL account to download and listen to episode 66 of Gamehounds, whoever doesn't respond gets the boot.. FYI!! 
@SaraS85 LOL! I am now seriously considering getting a Wii 
Niiiiccceeee! Mouse Mods - Rubik's Cube &amp; Nintendo Controller! http://TwitPWR.com/fhy/ 
is a spending machine, Bionic Commando and inFamous purchased but might leave Sim 3.......its a little too gay 
? Battlefield #musicmonday a nova Jordin rocks! 
Playing SIms 2: Castaway on my PSP. 
Someone in UNITED STATES liked Armor Picross 2 http://bit.ly/hwBw0  
Playing Sims 2: Castaway on my PSP. 
@ozdj loving the new avatar 
@SEGA what flavour? the strawberry ones are the best 
@sonicsalamander Of course you did it right Sonic 
Currently catching up on a LOT of writing for Sonic Dice. Also going to be writing up questions for Metric tonight as well. 
I checked in on Animal Crossing City Folk last night and Nintendo sent me a DSi table. Really cool. 
@mistygirlph Just wondering, what's your avatar always looking at? 
@TheRealJordin nope, but im about to turn it on  Your gorgeous, dont ever change love, Battlefield is amazing &lt;3
One meeting and then that is today's work done, then its back home to get a few more odd tasks completed followed by some Fallout 3 
Now to go back preparing my talk about the Killzone 2 Bots 
i'm stoked to this week's AI finale! i feel nostalgic bout last year's finale.  i'm happy for archie and cook's great careers.
Bethesda Announcing Wii Game This Year http://kotaku.com/5258959 #wii #bethesda Depends on what it is. Cant wait 
I can haz ipod touch! instalando Myst as I speak  happy day (8) comercial Claybon feelings
So @jefflind, we had an awesome AI run 
i just watched the AI finale for...who knows how many times! congrats, kris and adam 
Today also Frosmo offers fun games - and great tournaments with prizes! Do it yourself. 
Oh yeah, forgot to say, I'm getting Pokemon Platinum today. ok now bye 
is happy Pokemon G/S will have a remake on the DS. yeee! 
@Epic_War_MT nighty night, lady 
Fishing sharks at #Runescape 
@Llensposts Heehee. Tenchu, tenchu. 
Article in Metro this am about Queen receiving golden Ninetndo Wii. The headline? 'The Royal Wii.' Sometimes, Metro, you make me smile 
Article in Metro this am about Queen receiving golden Nintendo Wii. The headline? 'The Royal Wii.' Sometimes, Metro, you make me smile 
...1:30am...I feel like hell...But at least I can go to Northrend now!  ???  *flies off to bed*
shocked with AI results. 
Contemplating getting Sacred 2 next week - so I can play with my other half....on my Xbox 360 that is 
@aion_ayase you are right!  You could link it to Email addresses that we are going to use when we create our AION Game Accounts 
On the old PSP 
@shaundiviney Pokemon FTW  Curry is pretty yummy in a hurry too, i wrote your name in the sand at the beach an hour ago, i'll upload photo
Now part of the XCN group. W00t 
Fuck i cant sleep!i am hungr!i need to learn how to RPG better =[ and all that sex RPG stuff some 1 HELP i only know how to have real sex 
cant wait for playstation magazine publish on june30,2009 showing MGS 5 is just for SONY PLAYSTATION ..yay 
Oh my goodness, I love Valve for this new system of unlocked TF2 weapons.  Hardly any Spy/Sniper achievement farmers!
@BigBen666 most severe theological exception possible  #godFixing
@purplefae Battlefront is awesome!  I vote for Battlefront.
Two thumbs up   Guns Of Diablo http://webfl.at/vazg7q
thinking in friday, tonight tequila and GoW 
storm is coming, muahahahaha! What a perfect weather to do some Runes work 
Why are you following me? (via @Artmaker) // your avatar 
Enjoying the tread through the various forums about Darksiders...some classy comments 
@SEGA Start with the Virtua Tennis 2009 - training top 
How is everyone doing today?  Nearly the weekend  I can hopefully have time to play Pokemon Platinum then........
@feliciaday don't fall for it! PvZ got me once until 2am... Next day was very painful 
Quick workout done. Now off to Utrecht for an evening of SingStar. 
watching AI on youtube .. 
HEAD SHOCKS! They be in the inFAMOUS demo. 
@el3ctr1k inFAMOUS demo is hawt shit. Visuals are pretty good for a game of that type. 
@pjmaybe looking forward to inFamous. 'been trying to get through Mass Effect but I have a feeling it wont get a lookin' soon 
@rmaltempo  Ive already got the pilot in my PSP. If #Glee maintains this level of awesome this could become my second-most-beloved show.
makes a run for it!  Shower, laundry, Sonic and 2 miles all before before 9:3O 
@winebratsf oooo!  That's a cool avatar!  So stylish!  (O I missed you! 
@J_Monopoly what it do ... 
I was sort of surprised that EA Sports Active received so many positive reviews on Amazon.com. Looks like I gotta get it 
@madbeatchemist IT's hilarious. :-D A good addict needz more than one way to score that fixx. I like the DS option as a backup. 
Twittering from a DSi. 
@gray_knowlton as in @johnhead 's LEGO tweets?, yeah 
Grease Megamix!!  ? http://blip.fm/~73yfl
Slow, unproductive day at work today. I guess I'll just try out Marvel Ultimate Alliance on PSP. 
dishes, clothes.  After that; depends on how awake I am   Puzzle? Legos? sleep? 
@jeffrubenstein pfft, forget Disgaea (great game)... play some Suikoden on the PSP instead. 
I remembered the class room greetings, @joymaliksi. :-? ) Uhh', me? I'm okay. I'm playing games in the PSP in the momment. Share. 
@Platform_Nation Personally, I suspect the countdown is until they announce 360 versions of MGS4...  
....Took anotha one out on Wii Boxing @nilesg 
@artoni ...wow.  Here I figured &quot;M&quot; would be horrible.  I imagine that the &quot;i&quot; line would be short though too, should I go to Botcon. 
@alex_navarro speaking of Madden,  instead of paying $80 bones for Madden 09 20th Anniversary Collector's Edition,  I paid $10. 
Epic podcast is posting early tomorrow morning (well early for me 9am).  It's almost 2 hours long and has a great interview in the middle 
Now if only I had an Xbox, like, that would help?  #monkeyisland
@purplefrogcat   like your avatar..
@Cronotriggers I'm very tempted to buy it on the PSN/PSP, in hopes Capcom will follow up with a RE2 release 
Watching the Naruto Shippuden Movie 2: Bonds with the hubby while having dinner   Yeys
with MMO meme gas released, I can now go back to coding up a storm 
cute heart shaped 'Portal' Cube.  my baby is playing games, im reading fan fictions!  http://sml.vg/eFzqMG
Halo take on old skool videogames  http://tinyurl.com/vghalo brings back memories!
@chr1st0pher I'm still up too, lol. I was playing Burnout Paradise. 
If Nintendo made Halo 3 http://bit.ly/Tc0G8 *funny for game geeks 
Hey all you happy PAX bacon lovers. I just did my daily check of Amazon gold box and it seems to be bacon salt and friends! 
@SEGA Im more hyped up about VT 2009  and Sonic Racers. Could Sonic Racers be the next big thing since Sonic R?
Has bought Sonic Unleashed for his X-Box 360 
Oooh the Conduit can't wait for that game need to get my Wii back into action 
@EA2008 Tnx 
Watching Pokemon with Em 
A couple of friends just gifted me some Microsoft Points for my birthday, what an awesome eco-friendly gift  Galactrix here I come! 
@taluta Aw wow, sounds amazing . My mate really loves Arcade games, I would have loved to been around when there was the Arcade craze 
