Most common words for this cluster:
[('year', 1301), ('time', 63), ('day', 50), ('lol', 33), ('school', 29), ('na', 28), ('http', 27), ('years', 26), ('com', 25), ('today', 25), ('haha', 24), ('half', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'year', 0.9181657433509827), (u'month', 0.7475494146347046), (u'week', 0.6868916153907776), (u'summer', 0.6015790104866028), (u'day', 0.5958542823791504), (u'months', 0.5912817120552063), (u'years', 0.576123058795929), (u'weekend', 0.5575459003448486), (u'season', 0.556854784488678), (u'decade', 0.5516518950462341)]





It's going to be a long year for A's fans. 
@contactabe I'm so jealous.  I missed all of opening day this year 
I am worried that I won't get my $900 even though I paid a buttload of tax last year ! 
I'm trying to work on my last assignment of the year, but I just can't get that spark. All I want to do is lay in the grass and read. 
@spitorswallow wish I could...but the seasons don't change 365 days of the year. 
@holyschmoke aw don't remind me, I love this time of year cos there is so much rugby on but it also means the end of the season is nigh 
i'm so un-realisticly gutted that i can't go download this year and see papa roach. 
@brendonbossy i reckon! im wearing bed socks for the first time this year  boooooooo to winter
woke up a year older 
so wish i could go to ravens training camp this year 
@fallenstar_ Tough times indeed  I'm still debating, but I think I'm pretty much decided... but I've still got a year and a half to decide
@jenerie94 sorry my dog died almost a year ago 
going to my 8 year old brother's first communion. what a way to kick off that weekend... 
listening to @ntfc on bbc northampton.  not going well, not our year 
i dont want to go to work at have  20 year olds be mean to me for seven hours 
negotiations end-o'-the-year party - but we're just starting the mediation phase 
got her first sunburn of the year. 
@MmmBaileys trust me I don't know half of them and wouldn't want to meet any of them ever they are dreadful this year 
I still like the kid I liked last year we liked each other but never dated.him&amp;his gf broke up&amp;I was so happy.but now there back together 
25.....the no. of american banks shut down this year......  
@southernweather me too  i cant believe their hiatus has been a year long already well almost thats so freakin ridiculous
@iheartsis http://twitpic.com/3l5f9 - I much rather it be cali...I been gone for a year now 
i had a gr8 bday but have to w8 about a year now 4 it 2 cum again 
Oh hay fever season has started early this year 
@nithinkd and we thought, nevermind we would see all the matches in delhi next year 
2 months to go, and i will finaly see my family again in the philippines!it's been 1 year send the last time i have seen them 
Why can't it be holidays all year round? 
@iamfabgab awww i miss choir too... but at least u guys still get to join next year... it's bye2x choir for us ex-seniors.. 
@MrsCramer i hope things didn't get too exciting after i left. i was like the 17 year old amongst the 20 somethings, sent home by curfew 
@jademaid I'd love to have a hammock, might have to invest in one this year since I can't put the trampoline up 
@screweduptexan I grew some one year in a sunny spot but they never came back  might give them another try
this homework is far too hard, i feel like sitting and sulking like a five year old haha 
the 2 year old one who thinks people just wanna play makes me super so sad 
@Scarlettjen omg rattie! I adopted an elderly rat early last year, but he passed away about 6 months later  Wish I was ready for another..
not managed to escape hayfever this year! 
@philrunslondon why what happened?? saw you are out for this year = a shame 
wooo, 1 day down of term 2, 205 to go for the rest of the year 
9 year old laptop is too old 
Last year, 48 billion dollars of food was wasted.... 
http://twitpic.com/3pi9g - i can't believe it's been a year. i miss her 
bummed that i will be missing southside in asbury on the 4th for first time in 6 years this year 
skullgirl is very jealous of everybody that gets to go to batsday      i hope i can make it next year.
I really, really hate when my babies are sick. my 5 year old just had a puking rally.  I want her to feel better now!
A whole year went by and I finally went to the barbershop to get a fresh cut lol...bad news is I cant store things in my afro no more  lol
@acidicice that's annoying - I was hoping to go lighter brown later this year. 
editting zenith photos still... they're never ending... very unlike senior year  ...
aww freshman year is done  it was so much fun tho!!!
@thisislavie haha. I only do it once in a while! I stopped a year ago after burning a whole in the seat of my two week old car 
It's a beautiful day and I can only enjoy it from the window. I hate feeling like a 93 year old 
http://twitpic.com/4ei5k - see i have no booty but this was last year lol. and i was small 
 laptop dead...we had a good 6 year run...
had fun at the dance! so sad that it was the last one of the year  holy crap! the school year is almost over!
Not at bamboozle.   next year for sure.
@dani_landry i had the same experience last year  but at least you are ok!
No frosty paws at thedog walk this year??!! WTF 
@HummieIsMe so I guess that year membership to designer buds is a goner for me   nice she moved club and didn't &quot;email&quot;
maybe next year bulls 
 broken pipe fail. third one this year! oi.
@mouthsex ive actually never seen 40 year old virgin 
@EmmaRhoyds It doesn't look like it  He's played the last 2 years so he's probably giving it a miss this time. Hopefully next year though.
didn't think of this sooner! oh well i guess i'll just have to buy my own microwave for my dorm next year 
I hate my birthday. One year older again. 
I've only had my old one for a year and a half but I hate it and now there's a big crack in the screen... 
@mumbrella that would be what wogan did for eurovision. last year was his last 
the logies isn't that good this year i'm supprised! 
making a story book which is meant to be for year 10 students, right now it sounds like im aiming for 2year olds to read it  eeek science
haven't been on here in awhile  year 12 is becoming my midlife crisis!
@senthilnambi I need a new mobo/processor for mine. its already a year and a half old 
After thinking I would never go back to #india after 4 months there last year. I'm now gonna go again next year. It sucks you in eh 
OUCHIE i just put earings in for the first time in like 1 year.it hurt 
@srof I sympathize: I have to miss a bunch of weddings this year 
Each year I vow never to be a slave to my lawn. 
At my last brunch of the year 
Last drunk brunch of sophomore year! 
I think it is a wrap heat fans  maybe next year.
we're all home now - no more kentucky until next year 
was surprised to see someone at the game today.  too bad he likes 18 year olds.  
@iloveonyinyechi yea true, we'll just see what happens next year 
Comforting my 2-year-old that recently broke her arm 
my favorite day of the year is almost over 
@kisertet oh and my printer broke to a few months ago, i only had it for a year. 
Pulling in the driveway, favorite weekend of the year is officially over 
studying for product analysis midterm.. yes midterm not final  ugh.. why is my school all year round?
sad that this year, and college, is ending 
i seriously need a new phone! can't wait a year and a half  uggghhhh! 
@bmwblog we didn't bring a photographer this year 
@Iamlegend01 at the seaside with my bffs!! this year i stay in italy cause i got ot take my drive licence and it's very expencive  u?
@kimdickerson i looked everywhere too! but sadly I don't think they are doing the concert series like last year. tough times i guess. 
@MrsPeeden so junk where they had the prom... The punks last year ruined it for them... This year was at dole cannery 
Should I really go for a three year contract and get an iphone... I wish they didn't bully everyone into ridiculously long contracts 
im going to be in about 2 or 3 more plays this year 
I'm really worried that I might not be able to finish my course this year 
If I were in college, I would be done or just about done for the year. But no, I still have one more year of high school 
Death is inevitable even to a 5-year old kid... 
@theotherreceive i'll find it in my heart to forgive you! stupid fourth year 
@Lakers can this nightmare be true? maybe next year could be the one i guess...   
the only thing to make this day absolutely perfect? getting to see my sister. it's almost been a year since i last saw her. 
finished geography draft.. now onto english.. i think this is the hardest i have worked all year  hahaha
@slweintraub I'm sorry, I had a little pom I lost a few year ago, it's hard when they're a part of your life for so many years. 
i just realized that Thespian inductions are monday,i can't wait! I did not get my honors last year  never did get my card
sighhh family force 5 is not on warped tour this year 
I always send her an animated card, i wanted this year to be different but i failed to accomplish it 
@BobbyBroad @caseystarbuc I've been wantin a skateboard since last year  but I have nowhere to do it at.
@1027KIISFM I always say next year, but this year you guys had an amazing lineup   I missed out!
@xoMusicLoverxo ...I was in the middle of S&amp;R and it wasn't developed fully. Now it's been half a year since I updated it. 
@DubarryMcfly aw that sucks  hopefully theyll do an arena tour next year and you can see them  xx
I'm stressed over my mid year exams... 
i hate how im only permitted to go to three concerts a year 
@stephenfry don't know answer. but must give you the bad news  http://twitpic.com/4wc21 no porn allowed at catfish festival this year 
@jamesogrady its just nothing on american idiot or any of their old albums .. And after a five year wait thought it would be well better 
this is the second worse day of the year.......miss you so much mom 
and sad i cant buy a birthday tattoo this year  maybe ill start playing the lottery
@marybvasquez I don't have a year to commit.  I don't need much to convince me to go fly kites or throw a frisbee a couple times a month.
@alexandermillar That's really impressive, I went on my first run in a year a few days ago, I almost died 
Vancouver Canucks out! No Canadian cup this year! 
@GiantDuck I thought it's gonna be our year this year. but then bad luck does happen 
@mizrada that's it done for this year now 
dammit LOST, I can't wait a whole year for you to finish up 
@melyssawithay he died last year and i had to buy a new one. oh well, i didn't go... 
@xomyadam my phones broke and i can't get a new one until i know whats going down next year 
that was the most disgusting nose blowing event of the year.  I'm actually nauseous from that one.  
i love working with cool year 9 kids 
1st year of uni complete!!! i think a week of me time is due lol then back to working, learning to drive and more studying  xx
@rmerki  hang in there dood, i'm almost reaching my one year mark... yay...
A's lose, again, badly This should have been a rebuilding year as we have a holes everywhere 
 But pretty good acting for 4 year old. I was impressed.
@LuvsGigglin I dont blame you, last year after we planted stuff it snowed!  
@bicoastalite have fun! I'm not participating this year  let us know if there are still drunk naked ppl wandering around!
@holly_Dougiemad what is there one really  coz i have heard there not doing another this year  well i hope they do !
@lisaharrigan awrite. I hafte learn all year 12 the day as well  !
@holly_Dougiemad oh right me too  bt i'm like one of youngest in year  guessing you are one of the oldest lol x
Today at 12pm officially my 1 year wedding anniversary...and I am spending it at a rainy half marathon 
last day of recitles  well there is 3 more and i get my big trophie 4 10 year!!!!
@jordanm11 haha, i dont have any exams this week, i only have three left till i go into 4th year 
fifteen lbs heavier + same jersey i wore last year = bleeding nipples 
soon it will be year since france  with my favourites
We didn't plan well, and missed bay to breakers this year   I also want to do the great urban race next year: http://tr.im/lAOU
My fish died  after over a year.
@godlesswoman - bah. i lost 30 pounds last year (and have kept it off so far) ... and my pants only got looser. 
@BMSprint  i feel bad 4 u  bet u can't wait 2get outof colledge how any year u there 4
Rockets lost.   We will be back next year!!
@hillarybztch next year is going to be difficult  and even though I'm only 30 minutes away, living somewhere else is freakin me out gurl.
@fdaallday damn i'm jealous shok ! been looking forward to it for over a year...doesn't open in vegas till next week 
I lost all my 3rd year pictures  NOOOOOOOOOO!!
@stinginthetail I'm normally disease free! I get one cold a year though..... 
@JohnPeel cool, i remember them being there last year, i wish i had raised some falcons from birth and now they did my bidding all day 
What a wonderful Eurovision weekend! 5th - amazing! And prob the best contest in a long time. Ah well, all over for another year 
is off college 4 the 1st time in the year 
@SabrinaHenry man! I swear living here is really beginning to suck. last year it rained. photowalk is the meetup group 
Now we must wait another year for lost 
while NOT realising that the stuff got more difficult this year. so fked up 
Biggest regret: not being born in the year 1976 
exam today, end of second year! this is pretty much gonna be my last &quot;summer holidays&quot; before stepping into the real world 
just finished mid-year exams.kinda tough. 
@jordanknight I am going to be there! I was away on a cruise this year. 
The year 11's hav left now! 
Almost a year since I last played a show, really miss it 
@savingaimee why arent you playing slam dunk this year 
My end of year college project is done and dusted an I turned another year older  24 seems so old!!got too much free time now!!!
And they accepted him for spring last year! It pisses me off. I know people who got a 20 and got in. I'm scared he won't. 
@loribartolozzi sorry  but wouldn't it be awesome if we could all go next year
Last year this time I was waking up in florida  but this year i'm stuck in jersey                   ~N;-)
is feeling yucky   Why on the most georgeous day of the year??
There's something wrong with my computer and it's not even a year old. 
I am going to my violin lesson  luckily, it will end next year (Y)
On the train wishing I could take a year vacation! 
There are some brilliant songs in the #firstrecord topic. I was born in the wrong decade  or at least the wrong end of a good decade.
@smexybooks I read those last night, exciting things ahead. I hate waiting a year in between books. 
I can't believe the school year is over all ready. I'M not ready for my child to be in 8th grade next year nor high school the year after 
@vidluther It's probably worth a lot more than you're willing to pay, sorry  It only costs him $8/year to keep it forever.
so this is the second time in less than a year that i've totaled my car. i really recommend not being anywhere near me when i drive.  
@RyanSeacrest I know, that is such a tragedy.  I have two 5 year olds--coldn't even imagine the pain... 
Feeling a cold coming on.  I haven't had a cold in a year... c'mon, not now. I'm crazy/busy this time of year and can't afford downtime.
@primaveron No wonder I never got any christmas presents. And all the time I thought it was because I was a bad girl that year 
@duckybears how are you doing these days?  Haven't talked to you since last year at the beginning of the fall semester 
@sarahsays oh no no! i wish  it's coming out later this year. i was just watching some clips, haha.
Promised myself these tears, over this boy, wouldn't ever come back. I almost made it to a year 
I'm really upset that @colinmaggs and @raymondalex will not be at crawfish this year. seriously, what the fuck? 
@skibumbrian777 so sorry...my 3 year old woke up with a nightmare   your trip sounds like so much fun!!!
@flocker really? cool. i'll have to check it out. i seriously loved flock but too many problems made me stop using it last year 
more state cuts  @hi_im_aj entertainment purposes my friend. i actually felt bad for him this year
@m_callahan i feel old. i graduated from high school 2 years ago, and ur a graduating this year 
our 7-year-old cat died a few mins ago  huhuhu
@nicolesusan I think it's a year's expiry, yeah? And I'd love one, but the second the credit ran out I couldn't afford one, which is lame 
just uploaded my new blog... a painful story about an 80s year old man who cried because he wanted to die... very sad 
my gap year is going so quick 
@movewithme lol ik they are, but i figure i've kept it for a year+ without needing virus software or to get it fixed  sigh
is ready for a productive friday. one of the last of the year 
@divabat so sorry to hear that.  I lost two hard drives this year, I know the feeling 
@ShiGGaShay - I only get bubble tea during the cambodian new year - only once a year  &amp; when i do, i stand in line for over 10-15 min.
@AdamBien good luck. An me waiting that they are online, can't be in #JavaONE this year 
I feel like... I'm not gonna make it this year   
@forgetmaine there's a 9 year waiting list to get an appointment. 
It's official nobody is getting a raise this year 
just realized i gained 40 pounds in the last year  http://bit.ly/wCr3a
No theatre next year  stupid schedules!
Starting the accounts for this year. 
@honytawk why do we need to wait another year for toy story 3?! 
A year from now is graduation....i am pretty sure i'm not ready for it!?!?!? 
@shoemoney I'm more upset about the fact that 2010 is the last year 
Babysitting the little kids! I cant believe the year is over! 
wearing a pair of trousers that were loose last year, tight this year  
@simplyvannesa heyy i have a sis of 1 year with 5 months and still she don t want to walk.. 
@unahealy wish i could go, but I have an exam the day after the only one i could to go to, so im not allowed  are you touring next year?
http://twitpic.com/67hvr - This picture is from last year freshman year how I miss thos days 
Finally, I got my teaching load confusion cleared. I will teach 3 third year sections but with a catch. 
@lilyroseallen britains got talent is rather disappointing this year 
@dance2jeffreee lOL 518 that was not the year i was born  lol
@sunmess she was performing at the lifeball in vienna this year but unfortunately i didn't get the chance to see her. 
can't believe it's been almost a whole year since i've seen the goose! 
seniors, don't leave! i'm gonna cry so hard next year!!  can't we just stay here forever? what are the odds of me getting  2010 held back?
no more school mofos ... exams now  .. this year was the most HECTIC year of my life..sec5 next year.. FINALLY
borred! recital tomorrow! pumped but sad..just might be my last year of dance!  wow 11 years!
is already up to her neck in wedding planning and we still have a year to go!  Also, I have never been @ 
I really do wish I could paint those little girls' nails tomorrow...  It only comes once a year!
@NickRich2 oh well maybe next year 
wish I saw the panicobracademy tour last year 
    I just cut my beard off. It's only been growing for well over a year. I'm gonna start it over. @shaunamanu is happy in the meantime.
@mirajazzzle i missed your last performance of the year  i'm sorry cousin. next year, i will quit my job for you. i love you!
@GogDog I wish I was there too.  I'm committed to next year though. When I look at the costs to go, maybe I should be committed. lol
@GogDog I wish I was there too.  I'm committed to next year though. When I look at the costs to go, maybe I sh.. http://tinyurl.com/mq8tuy
teach92jw i wanted to submit a photo to photomania but i think i missed out on the deadline!  maybe next year.
@omgiitsnicole it was hard last year, i had to stand at the fence for a couple hours..   but yes, im pretty much stalking them, bahah
Is sad he didn't get all the cool people who were there tonight to sign his year book that haven't yet. 
Shameless returns next year - what are we addicts to do without it? 
@rms70 I think I may be a minority, I hate it, especially when it's the hottest day of the year! 
@unknownsnapper You don't need to depend on it more than half the weekends in the year! 
i fucking miss my bestfriend, havent seen her in over a year 
My yearly tuition at the conservatorium next year is going to be $19,000 
realized that junior year is getting nearer and nearer.... wow. I'm not ready 
@cazp09 dont think  they    doing a tour at the end of the  year  x
http://bit.ly/kGkxw good but over a year away 
Just got pwned by my 3 year old neighbour in a memory game 
@tommcfly argh allergies have been an absolute betch this year 
so the people in the apartment below me whos internet ive been stealing for a year moved out  helpppp
@DHughesy  haven't had a change to reply, I'm at home, working unfortunately  (in between patting a 1 year old to sleep.....arg !)
#myweakness new technology. I've copped 4 new phones within the year. So sad 
@Joshb89 your so lucky, i couldnt go this year  what seats did you have?
i have to write a page report over a artist for art by the end of the school year! this sucks  i have 5 days to write it.
back from year end trip to celtic. I miss it so much! 
spent the hottest day of the year so far inside, making a dress out of post its for my housemate! 
@persianknows you have your moments, u dissapeared on me for  a year... we suppose to fam .   i cried  
@pulpmx ouch! two injures in two races. sorry your manfriend is out  Short and him put in some great battles last year
@kbolesen Moving sucks! Especially since I've done it every year for the last 5. 
has to get whipped into shape and serious about tennis...or else i won't be playing next year 
Just played basketball against a 14 year old. I'm so unfit 
My mobile phone contract doesn't exist anymore. No one does 12 month contracts. I don't want an 18 month contract. I like my contract 
@DrTread no maker faire this year in austin. 
...awaiting the release of year one...so much longer 
@munozjose the concert was okay, the awards took a while though. next year ms. roth said we have to do contest solos though. 
@KSDean I'm so sorry!  wow you have had a rough go this year 
missed GermanFetBall yet again  just have to go next year http://bit.ly/wHXKX
Sneaker pimps next year maybe? 
@AudreyMcClellan What an awful thing to say to you  I would have let my 2 year old kick her in the shin ;)
@hollywearsprada @thenewpsies the one year they don't do it  sad times
http://bit.ly/etmrv via @addthis  &lt;--wish i was old enoughh! season 11 because next year i'll be two months short of auditions! 
BGT is over  but what a year!!
Wondering if she will remember.. Last year she didnt even call or anything. If that happens again I wiil be pissed!!! 
So I thought I had season 4 of 90210 but I don't  now I skipped a year grrrr......
Man this is starting to feel like last year   #pens need to do something to change the tide.
ehhh....maybe next year... 
maybe next year king james 
missed emerge this year   &amp; school internet is too slow, can't watch service! can't wait to go back!
Guess not this year Wenches. 
@JenWojcik - thank you!! Could be worse tho... got one that started right before my panel at SOBCon this year.  ((hug))
I'm sorry guys no K.B &amp; L.Jmatch up this year 
well once again...the city of cleveland must pick themselves up with our resounding battle cry...'maybe next year!' 
is home from a 1 year old party it was outside we got rain on 
@ddlovato please, reply  you'll make my whole year if you just say 'hey!' haha &lt;3
@sf_gunner they don't even have sol scarves made- next year they say 
@nomysteryleft smaller than 13 year old girls ftl 
shit i have to re enorol for my classes, this looks like it will be just as annoyign as enrolling at the begining of the year 
@xCarlosx There was a good teaser for it. Comes out in a fucking year! 
I have a cold  ... 4th time this year
He tried to set me up with a 47 year old who looks 60. 
@littlebead sounds fab, can I come too? No hols for me at all this year 
I have to work on one of the hottest days in the year... Not happy! I'm gna melt 
Is off to work on the hottest day of the year 
@melaniesays Sucks  It does get very repetitive. The teacher I had I didn't really want again, so I bailed after, like, year 10.
omg just thought im officially a sixth year now :| last year at school, ever! how sad 
@Ptrsha good for you you'll be having your prom this year while me it's gonna be next year remember i stopped for a year 
does anyne else have rockband? i might get xbox live for a year but i have no one to play with 
My allergies are definitely starting up. I was hoping they'd magically go away this year 
@hermzo we don't get some public holidays at uni  altho we do get 4 week mid semester and 3 month end of year breaks so I shouldn't bitch.
not bad on yesterdays tri,,1:17:40,,last year would've got 3rd this year only 8th  
@cassiduncan miss you too! It's been over a year  have to meet up soon, I thought of you the over day I had milkado which is like pocky
@jenthefangirl could be! or I think it might be bc I usually always keep it plugged in? if thats possible because it's only a year old 
@Dannymcfly last year you played the same songs, right? haha i remember freaking out in front of the tv watching it  here I go again haha
Maybe next year Cavaliers 
I'm drinking my first soda of like a whole year today. And I have to say. I'm not that impressed 
@lilyroseallen not fair lol i wanna go abroad this year 
@UnderoathBand i cant go  i really wanted to but im broke haha...i went last year and it was awesome!! wish i could go
@nishiellet: lol @ sod.... I only have about 4 vactions a year 
it keeps making her feel older, but she's young for having a 16 year old, she's 35, she's awesome. But we got into another fight 2day 
@andycub @ChrisUnitt seems to be a bug which has existed for over a year - i only want to change my profile pic 
@fragilemuse  I don't think they've made polaroid film for at least a year now. 
after thursday, second year of university will be over 
aww, rafa is so upset  ...haven't seen him this mad at himself this year
Has had no graduation cake yet this year. 
@pegorama once a year... but I think it's jumped the shark  it was nowhere near as good as 2 yrs ago. too many ppl, too few good beers
On my last break... No chair today  my feet hurt. I shouldn't be complaining because my girlfriend did this for over a year full time :/
Just finished ending my 4 year relationship....I'm a free women but a broken one too. 
maker faire fun as always but no power tool racing this year 
todays a year ago from my senior prom  not gunna lie, i miss it &amp; the sandbridge house we had for the week after
uuuuhg, I can't wait till I can drive. 1 more year hopefully. 
@StarEyedDiva man...i'm still sad about heath ledger and it's been like a year and a half since he died. 
There is this sweater that I had all of freshman year and it has this big hole in it. And I just can't bring myself to get rid of it. 
dissapointed!!  5 games and 1 year down the drain!
Trying to convenience a 2 year old to take a shower and go to bed.  I think the 2 year old is winning.  
@chloechin likewise the half year passed so unknowingly of what I've accomplished! 
I am really going to miss coaching those girls next year. 
Freezing.... Hardly surprising for the 1st day of winter... it's going to be a cold one this year... if only there was someone to snuggle 
cheddarmancer: i already did twice this year 
Going to school  first year of 5th year! Aaaaaargh! :O wish me luck! X
@dammh oh really!  I'll have to give it a try, but I think I'll be too late to stop this year's delivery 
I was disappointed with the show this year 
@Complexity_ I unno  but for our one year anniversary be ready cause wow baby you don't know what's coming to you hehehe
No money to go on retreat this year 
(the result of which i'm living in next year haha). sorry it's so late. goodnight 
I got kick in the balls by a 5 year old 
@Breathemusic27 i would except it is a church trip.  come with me next year!
hating that exams are planned at the hottest time of year 
Its depressing that i have class every day except july 3rd this summer  one more year!
@theDutton haha that's amazing.  i might try it next year or something.  I think i'd probs be a frowner 
I don't remember my hayfever starting this early last year. Eugh 
@alix_says I'm going to miss freshman year... 
a year and one day 
@beefybudatl ah that sounds like fun. I was there but won't be there this year 
@sjespers have fun presenting at #sotr, sorry that I'm missing it this year 
This is the worst day ever  i haaaaate sixth year
Never play on wii with a 10 year old, they show you no mercy 
One of our faculty found out he has meningitis over the weekend, he's presently in hospital.  I hate to be sick this time of year 
i want to be in the sun  why do they set exams at this time of year??? less than a month till my holiday 
Early morning band.. I'm not going to survive next year 
  not going to GSTLRF this year!  I work until 4 all weekends.  not happy.
annoyed at my job. no raises this year 
Just finished applying for financial support for university later this year. They want financial documents I don't have. 
smugmug was down last night   I also found a 50% coupon for the first year.
@pinklou81 No cos our school's crap! Last year I had to stay till all exams were over, now I'm in year 12 they don't think we need it 
@SignpostMarv i was given 1 role to do (cant say it right now) but they wouldn't allow me to join multiple like last year.  shame tho!
@tommcfly http://www.twitpic.com/4fu98 last year's gig, remember? so bad you couldn't get it on stage this year 
My 2 year old nephew has cancer 
FF13 looks awesome, still almost a year away though 
Why does this year cost soo much.     might see me working the corner soon Lol and I'm not tell drugs
cleaning the apt for them to show it to who is going to live here next year 
@sfoutsidelands hitting which streets?! Where?! I want to go so bad but can't afford it this year!  I went last year tho, time of my life
Although my stock hit $13.37, it isn't really leet at all because a year ago it was 3 times that. 
http://twitpic.com/6fcx4 - me, @hnsmith18, @xoash_ and @laurenc3191. I'm going to miss them next year 
E3 looks awsome this year i missed microsofts keynote though  damn!
Waiting for 5th grade graduation to start, its sad to know this is the final year of elementary.  
I definitely get the maximum number of colds a person can possibly get within one year! 
Getting braces next year  But, my mom is getting this $30,000 dollars braces. There not like the metal one. There some special kind :/
@Mischee I did say that road is shady, its happened a few times along there. be safer next year  P.S (topless?)
@maryjaneyoung ahh i can't wait!!! lame about whistler  maybe next year!
writing my first non-mvc asp.net code for over a year. 
@rachaface year that i lost my grandfather 
on saturday i went to my family reunun, it was pretty small this year  i only stayed untill 11:00, last year i stayed untill 1:00
@panacea81 they just have a bad reputation  which is very upsetting. When I was 18 I rented a house &amp; I had lived there for a year and...
toy story 3!!! but all the way next year... 
i can't drive for shit . my poor 3 day year old car  aim me if you have aim well ask first and maybe(:
I come back to work and find out one of my coworkers has accused me and to others of trying to flirt with a 13 year old bowler 
i'm officially over the end of this school year; blah a million assignments to do  text &lt;3
@muSicFienDkiCks I missed the awards this year  did I miss anything ?
@jenthefangirl   I want to go but I messed up. Next year, I promise to be at the beginning of the campout.
If I had the chance, I would restart this whole year over &amp; I mean that 
The year that song came out I had a broken heart !! 
wow. there's only 4 days left of my sophomore year! it went by so fast!  freakyyy.
End of the year couldn't come any faster... 
@shineonmedia No. You won't. We're getting it tomorrow and my 5 year old brother already called dibs. 
@thegeneva i'm born in the year of the rat. yeah i know you can laugh now. 
already june huh...  half the year is gone.
@lvproductions so sad we're missing the party of the year  , but we still love you, you still love us, (L)o(V)e productions
dreading the end of this year....pleeeeasseee don't make me go home for summer 
boyfriend is moving to colorado this fall for a year 
@SidthaKid I wish, I can't upgrade for another year and a half unless I wanna pay full price for something 
Wow, I'm so glad I didn't go to E3 this year. What with the already great show, amazing parties and A-list celebs there.  #E3
This time of year is like marmite for me and my hayfever n asthma - not cool 
@Landfrau unfortunately, no. down 70% from last year. 
Its that hayfever time of year 
8 days to do a 2year course  i cant!
As of tomorrow only one more year of ticking the '18-24' box on forms 
@ydurran yeah won't be out this year though 
@saritaonline last month, her parents couldn't make it, and she graduated with honors! i was the one who went up the stage with her. 
wishing my laptop was not broken. it has been over a year since the cable broke. i don't even know where the cable is 
I thought there would be no games this year... I was wrong, my list is now crammed full 
@alexholyroar enjoy it while you can...28 this year 
This year is really starting to take its toll. I need sleep 
@Geeklawyer the 70-200 f2.8 is awesome, borrowed one from @tomstyles last year, green with envy, Mrs won't sign it off 
Really wish I had taken photography next year... too late now 
Feeling pretty emotional this year about dance ending this week. Not sure why...probably because my hip-hop teacher is moving away. 
I lost a 20 year old lure last night!  
one year since my surgery and still more surgery to come 
@wmacgyver partnert showcase 1st then demos, but is taking a bit longer this year 
there are only like 5 bands coming to warped tour this year that i actually want to see. 
@XtremeElemental tix where? Lol about the lakers  hope they take the title this year
@louhaffner lol i don't tan at all only burned a few times at the beach. but i'm as white as snow all year long 
I tried all last summer calling everyday to get tickets and got nothing and ive been doing the same this year. I really want to go 
I don't want a different bus next year, it won't be the same. 
@joelfeder it is tempting... I'm still paying this off, just over a year old, warranty expired two weeks ago  #apple may be the way to go.
stressing out about what classes to take next year!!!! AH. help 
@XsunshinesX @monica224 i might have to take early bird next year 
No more subbing till next year... sad 
Why are .at domains $50/year? 
@dessessopsid ah, okay. Is there some sort of cut off? It has been at least a year... 
@latifaM Hyd'bad has 400 year history..but they could maintain the city better.. 
@RobynitaJaaa oh ahha i was lookin to see what fairs corbin would be at, he was at va state fair last year so i was looking. he not 
@CreativeSoul I used to do a few conventions a year, usually though if im doing shows, I never get to do anything im so busy 
deleting deleting deleting - cleared about 2k images shot this year so far, i think about 1k more need deleting - will still have 7k left 
@FrankieTheSats aw i wish i got tickets  gutted! next year though ! xxx
@tommcfly next year?! perhaps he wants to attract everybody...  xxx
@keir I think the hayfever has finally caught me this year too. 
@ionacosmetics unfortunately I have them all year round because of the cat, too 
@tislundi i worked at a library during uni last year and i was so crushed it didnt live up to my expectations 
@BluntNate :'( supanova looks so fun :'( i hope i get to go next year! now i cant wait for AVcon 
i don't wanna go out  aaaaaaaaaaaaa i hate teaching a 4-year-old child  boringgg
@lemonsareyellow They're just all the books form throughout the year. They give us loads. 
@estel_willow How come? I just lost interest in my course at the beginning of the first year. 
@trejsi  set tours!! Can we start planning for next year???
last geography lesson of this year haha  
@cpauwels  i go to like loads of concert :O and i can't go to rock werchter either this year  i'm breaking a tradition and i don't like it
No americans winning the french this year. 
@AQuackerzzz uploaded some dickhead pictures of me when i was in year 7... 
Wow, this is possibly the last time I'll see chelsea and kaitlan till next year 
i had history exam today  but i remembered the date of battle of hastings AND the year of the peasants revolt,,, im gooood
@jess_fell I might still be a sophomore next year 
@britneyspears OMG i totally wish i could afford to go to the circus twice this year!!!!!! 
@KristinaTSB  hahah! It will happen!! least I hope it happens when I can see it happen live! No summer shows for me..so maybe next year 
the climacteric year. nothing ever seems to work out right for me. help me out plzzz 
why are my year so pathetic? i wish i'd had a good year, so i could have stayed on till 6th year 
@lowcadence it was a good race though- super flat. I crashed with 2 miles to go last year  should be better this time!
big brothers BAAADDDD this year. disappointed  think rex should go backk in this year. (LLLLLLL)
On my way to work, are we havin a summer this year? Is june and is cold 
@SDTLicious One more year til college, hun. What about you? - too bad. I might move on to another board, actually. 
I'm not going to the bike race this year 
I wish I had money to go see blink-182 this year, Hopefully there's always next year. I checked prices and locations and just not right 
@greggarbo .. did you know that you're amazing? and i miss your blog like crazy.. its been almost a year 
I might be switching schools next year!! 
Just finished whatching all 10 seasons of friends! Started about a year ago and finally finished it! Now what do I do? 
@little_puma Awwz.. sori(: But next year will suck 
@tehnoobworld ah I have to take physics next year 
..year in 10th grade  sucks..
@hermanoprimero http://twitpic.com/6pb6g - that is possibly one of the most revolting things I have seen this year 
crying b/c i'm realizing that my bro is a senior and i won't see him alot next year... no one to depend on 
The last friday of the year is over 
@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/6pe9h - mitche??  ...4 years! 4year! remember!! PLEASE!
@RamenS btw you busy this weekend? i wanna go watch year one but no one wants to come with me 
we just finished bowling &amp; my 12 year old son beat me 
I cannot believe I'm watching a news report about a fucked up 17 year old baking a kitten  That is disgusting.
i feel like a bitch, but i am not at all excited for the people in my classes next year. i'm going to miss ap euro so much 
@thatbeep yep like a 5 year old! 
@firstofoctober I guess I'll have to go without cookies  All I know is october is your birth month 
@TheyCallMeEllis  I just watched that show...couldn't believe he only got 1 year!!!! What a travesty of justice 
Wtf an 11 year old child graduated from college today... as if I didn't  already feel bad 
@blkmage I still need to name my year old laptop 
so the grad totally sucked  i hope next year mine is not like that ! the ceremony was ok and after that i should have just left... well
just got asked out by a 43 year old man at work...  blaghhh
...we bet them in the grand final last year &amp; this year they sent 2 of our girls 2 hospital.....its going 2 b a grudge match without me 
os leaving the flat now... byebye first year 
is leaving the flat now... bye bye first year 
lol! i'm cool!lol! sad the schoool year is over!lol! 
wants to go back to third year high school 
I had a chance to go to tokyo last year but passed it up for nothing! 
my birthday today and i am expecting it to be rubbish cause each year one is  progressivley worse than the year before 
My college is changing locations next year  At the moment, we're renting a 14th century fortress.Seriously, this one: http://bit.ly/JFpqe
storm! you don't know how bad i feel right now. this was supposed to be our last year together but were not even classmates.  --sky.
@OwenC one year I'll manage to go see the races. I keep forgetting when the are on - they always come as a surprise! 
is too ill to go to graduate fashion week  oh well there is always next year
@OfficialAkaye have a good one, I went four times, it was amazing. I'm sad it's not happening next year 
Discovering the world, 10 days a year. Americans do get very few holidays a year!  http://bit.ly/18bAhC
i hope that I can find a cheaper option for my calendars this year, hate to say it but may have to go with corporate sponsors 
I hope that I can find a cheaper option for my charity calendars this year, hate to say it but may have to go with corporate sponsors 
I have Zundapp withdrawal symptoms  It's close to a year since the last time I had a ride!
It only kicked in now that i'm not graduating this year and everyone else is.  I should be, but i didnt follow up on what i needed to.
@sammonti and @inezherbosa I miss my 1st year classmates  And, I haven't seen either of youu!
ugh. i had two terrible dreams last night, one about me staying at turner another year.. &amp; second about a boy that really hurt me 
going to meet up with the fab 5 for the first time in almost a year. it's really hitting me that i'm leaving soon 
@devanwillemburg gasp! No! I wasn't in hk last year  where was it?
cant believe its been nearly a year 
@VickyMinor I was gonna enter that competition, but hardly anyone in my year likes them 
bb is not that gd this year   non house mates???  NO!!!
Consoling my 8 year old who's board didn't break. He wanted that black belt so badly! 
@monicacesarato gosh I really wish I could do your Italian homestay, but I don't think I can afford it this year.  maybe next, though!
@davidrunneals no, I don't get to go this year, it conflicted w/ panama 
Hopefully I'll be getting a new guitar this year after the death of dear old stumpy who was only 6 months old  any ideas for a name
just lost playing the price is right dvd game to a 8 year old 
finally know what's wrong with me got a form of mononucleosis again  thought i was done with it since i had it last year 
I don't like watching my youtube videos from last year or even a few months ago because I see the difference in my weight  bwahaha.
@dannilovesyouux i know yeah, guess this means their year break starts now 
big brothers sucks this year  not impressed at all!
I wish I was going to summer jam today  ugh this is the point where I hate I work mah but off..there's alway next year
@gemma_lou I can't believe i didn't manage to see you before I left for stoke!  make sure you go godiva this year cos I'll be djing there!
Watching big brother, not very good this year 
A 75 year old dyke is doin her laundry too....wud upload a pic of her, but I don't kno how to with Twitterberry 
about to lose candyland to a 3 year old  hopefully I finish before @clifsoulo he's weak too! LOL
my new bff is fake this year 
@seanpaull Comes with music is only for 1 year, then you have to pay again to get free music! 
@vsmgllc met him at a show earlier this year..no more bb  well right now that is.
Really wish I was going to some good festivals this year 
@tommcfly brazil miss you! you are so close but so far! i want you here again  please, come back next year! we love you so much, xx
i'm being bullied by an 8 year old.. its a sad day 
@amber_benson No, I can't afford it this year. 
i cant wait till summer!!!!!! but then yaxkin and anthoney aren't coming back next year   life is a turd! 
i cant wait till summer but then yaxkin and anthony aren't coming back next year   awwwwwww life is a mean ugly turd!  
pitchfork musicfest doesn't look likely this year 
@STARBUCKLY can u get us british lot one too.. you only get like 1 thunderstorm an year here... 
@honorsociety i cant get tix  i have jonas tickets but at least i still get to see you once this year!! (:
@zackmcdougall When is the announcement? I suspect I won't get to hear it live this year  The 3.0 software is already pretty hott.
@BurntCaramel I used to throw at least one party every year, but we've been ...partyless a couple of years now... 
#e3 just ended I think... I'm kinda sad  but hey! theres next year with better games!
Waiting alone for your ride sucks, as well as knowing that your last performance of the year just ended. 
first coed expirence in a year . . . wow really different i miss boys 
@hgparra I know bro, my schedule was too tight  I'm trying to make it out there again this year though...
and it totally escaped me that my foodblog is already a year older  please do visit http://foodtriptayo.com
dance recital went very well. next year is tayler's last year. i dont want it to come. i'll be crying all day. 
@pensblogtweet i know. i can barely stand to watch it. i really dont want a repeat of last year 
Especially after missing their show last year. 
@meganf am sorry i'm going to miss nationals this year 
@MelanieR it went really well... we got A LOT done. i got teary eyed when i saw the positions for next year and next to music was: vacant 
@uncivilized I just had to explain hyper colour to a 22 year old. I'm old 
Watching Pirates 3 just now still sent chills through my body. I felt like it was junior year again. Pirates 4 in 2012 can't come sooner 
my dance recital's are over for this year  videos are on facebook-baba o'reily. maybe taking more dance classes next year...we'll see
ugh the school year is ending nd i probably wont see him anymore 
I think back one year, and i was pretty happy...and two years ago, really happy....so what in the world happened? 
Still pissed I missed the roots picnic... Next year I guess  http://myloc.me/2TrF
when we leave this year we won't be coming back, no more hanging out because we're on a different track 
why does the damn uk visa takes eight weeks...shish.. I cant go on vacations this year 
@juvelery I'm a film buff! I would have love to have gone this year  Next year I'll be more prepared
@iLoveColbyO i hate it gawd i dont wanna go back  and they'll be killin us this year coz we're graduating!! cant beleive its our last year
A year older 
and so begins the year apart from my boyfriend, he=D.C. for the summer, me=cornell for the school year. bittersweetness. 
@ultraviolet__x ohh well 6th year might not be that fun then  unless you have free periods, then it'll be good! :')
double blow for me. 1. bro's leaving singapore for a year.. 2. she's gone 
@ch3x why most nokia phones these days easily breaks only after a year or two? 
says oh no, I'm not going to be able to go shooting this year, damn  http://plurk.com/p/z2t2a
@RichardCarter that's a feat even for you! You are def cooking them for me next year, as i will be cooker-less in college 
@LeanneBarbery But where is the streaming this year? 
I have a horribe migraine!!!!!  I'm supposed to help with a 6 year olds birthday party today too!!!!  Meds better start kicking in!!!!!  
i serioulsly think im gunna fail english this year with our shitty teacher  i still dont get what we're doing
for a year ive been making noodles wrong 
birthday ending in 5,4,3,2...1  dam it! have to wait a whole nother year!
finally ran out of gas after half a year, but right in the middle of cooking! 
no manny mania for me this year 
Is up. Not by choice, rather by force. 4 year olds can be very demanding. She won't stop yelling instructions at me 
motorbike went on fire  stupid 25 year old piece of crap
It's that time of year again.  http://twitpic.com/6u0nt
@aplusk B4 I know it I'll be in second grade and will have lost a whole year  
Looks like my grandma isn't going to be able to help me out with college this year. How sad. 
Aw ill be at graduation next year 
@krisCORRUPTION hey! that happened to me last year too.  sorry love.
@candacecbure Yes! like every year it happens 
doesn't feel like she had a birthday this year 
@ezymk69 his graduation went great. no, sadly. i was at a field trip for the end of the year 
cramcramcramcramcramming for the final exam! Only organic chemistry left to fail, then I'm done for the year! 
tomorrow classtest in biology, i am scared. aaah :x i dont want to repeat a year again 
no margaret next year!!!???!! 
I hate the fact that in by school you can repeat the year if in september you fail more than 2 
no more apprentice for a year 
debugging a 6 year old as1 flash file 
@itsaaronpresley just packing the suitcase now! wait, can't you votee?? you can stop this o worthy 18 year old  [or is it 21!?]
I've determined I can influence many thousands through speaking and writing, but reasoning with a 10-year old girl is beyond my ability. 
hates end of the year projects that are worth like 20-30 % of your mark 
It's so hard to find a good bathing suit! I tried on so many yesterday and nothing...they seem to be made different this year 
for the first year i'm not watching the tony's. i think i'm still bitter over rent closing 
@jonsteingard hey follow me? imm sad you guys arent on my dads stage this year 
@unfunn well my (almost) 3yr old never has done that, my youngest just turned 16 months... Last week was the 1st time he did it 
@jchadwick1976 wowee!!!! i lost 55 but it took me a year  i feel uber fail now
@TJArmour O boo!  I'll have to catch it next year! I hope u didn't do any damage! Lol
Has a bloomin lecture tomoro  Does my uni not realise the year has finished!
@jtestasecca except the fact that I have to work.  no cruisin this year.
super sad she can't be at bonnaroo this year.....   maybe 2010 
@seansmithsucks sucks i missed you at download  you better be playing next year! haha
@DavidCousens it was a group of them about 5 all around the 15 year old mark.  happened only a few mins from home 
thinks 10 year old Ebonnie is scary...not looking forward to teenage years 
wallet found, one-year-old throwing up.  
is now officially scared of 3rd year.  http://plurk.com/p/110nbq
I keep reading the forums for breast augmentation and I seem to be the only 18 year old on there...wtf? I don't like this 
@sassyback I think my contract is over, cause it was a 24month thing, and its been over 2 years.  I like this plan.
Whatever happened to my fishy   wahh its nearly been a year since I last seen him.
@andywash new iPhone would be nice but agree - too much cash. I'd have to pay for a year of unfinished contract for a start 
back from download  its over. another awesome year. o well 2 months till v fest then leeds!
And turning around  no omaha this year  tornados all day!
@ErinRose24 haha nope unfortunately ill be working ALL year  sadddd.
And that land has cable internet available...making it absolutely perfect...except for the $3500/year taxes. 
It hurts my heart that nba fines are double what i make in a year 
@SoftMind thanks. we've been developing a large scale app in merb for the past year. not looking forward to porting this beast 
No more lang with young  imma cry if i don't get her next year.
@9starbucks awww have fun without me this year! 
I love tybee island.....that was the best vacation ever last year...i wanna go back 
word to the wise: year sun block even if you don't think you need it 
Wondering my car is gonna be delivered this year 
@cerabateman i read that book freshman year. poor little fat kid 
found cd-cover  ...... but no cd inside     #last year project
@superfro432 we came in second. No vegas for us this year 
@mileycyrus do they?? my 14 year old shitzu just passed away and I am not so sure....so sad... 
is watching the news about those two little 5 year olds who flushed a 2 week old cocker spaniel down the toilet. little bastards 
@justen_fong you fail  but i'll help you in math12 next year 
@hartzprod LOL I'm sure you do! I wish that post wasn't a year old so I could pretend to be Gaydzilla 
...The end of the year [school year] is always sad, because I know I couldn't see anymore some of my friends, the next year... 
@yeska I suck at it too. I remember the days when I was struggling badly with it to get my final year project done. I wish I could help 
whole summer this year 
Craving a cigarette in class its been a month and a half and all of a sudden... its giving me a headache 
@AirPigz I've been saying &quot;maybe next year&quot; for far tool long.  But no way I can make it this year.  
i love them, gonna miss them next year 
Leaving the big apple  had soo much fun reuniting with all the girls! Cannotttt wait til the apt next year!
Is in a room with 18 3 and 4 year olds. 
celebrating half a year w/o pownce #pw 
my braces are gone, after a year and a half of wanting them off..i'd like them back 
@TempSec it stands for frontier project which is a project where you work for your church for a year- it's meant to rain all week..  xxx
I really hate the fact that everyone is going on holiday this year 
The trouble with lovely, 100-year old warehouse windows is that they break.  http://twitpic.com/7i2d5
after driving an standard for 1 year, driving an auto just feels wrong. 
This is the worst year of my life. 
@travelincircles sadly the monkeys will not be back this year 
they ALL failed the 9th grade this year--i'm being so nosey but WOW yikes i almost feel bad for them like... where are their mothers? 
@Maryt33 aww lucky you.. i wish i could visit my dad, the last time i saw him was like a year ago 
Ive got a follower for everyday of the year.. unless its a leap year 
@itsjustnatz why did u have to remind me of prom!! i dont want it to end it has been such a great year 
@sammieepaige but you're tiny.  you can't tell on your figure. and mines from alll year of not working out D:
@TheProphetBlog last year a good 50 or more got shut down  i am just going to wait till someone sends it to me or youtube it
@_ashesandwine I am saddened that I'll miss it  I think we should pop in on oak hill though just so we can both at a camp this year lol
was really hoping to go to big ticket this year but cant 
lesson of the year: revenge is not always sweet     
I wanna audition again... too bad its in socal this year 
home from bonnaroo   can't wait for next year!
I'm really depress...I gained over 20 lbs over a year haven't lose a single pound. 
they were only married a year and a half too 
@amandazastko I keep coughing ... I sound like a 13 year old boy hitting puberty annnddd I have the worst headache in the world 
liner  so then she told my sister to tell me that even if i didnt qualify next year then she would still tell them to put me in cause she
Bring me back to my sophomore year! I miss my old section. 
I hear it's going to be the highest pollen count of the year 2day. I'm going to a nature reserve. 
No gym for me today  back hurts too much. Thanks to that 13 year old girl. I swear it's illegal for her to work there.
@ROCKGUITARZ I had 2 mini poodles called 'kobe' &amp; 'boo' but boo died this year  Just kobe who sleeps all over me now...
seem to be hit by hayfever harder than ever this year 
@davidchua april next year sir 
@RayDillon no go dude, 2nd year in a row. depressing 
we already have a project in history! damn it.. its just 3rd week of the school year.. 
@alopink my started five yrs ago this month during summer school  aww sad story
another year older but surely no wiser  
amelia rang me, now shes gone  i miss the year 10s....
@lilmissfootyfan I know  It hasn;t been so bad this year, but my eyes are all itchy and icky now.
I miss sitting in the back.  I miss the triangle last year. 
-i'm mourning over the fact that I can't go on my kentucky ambassadors of music tour next year. 
I want to go to a festival this year.... but have really missed the boat 
feeling dupped after purchasin ipod touch  1g a year ago 
@lastsong13 i knoow  this happened last year aswell when there tickets went on sale!! haha
If a 2 1/2 year old is willingly laying on the couch in the middle of the morning, chances are she doesn't feel good.  
@VisitNewOrleans Thanks for this, I've filled it out. That's the only way I'm going to get to totc this year 
@timheuer they just changed our form this year... cannot reuse last year's quotes 
@FordCustService grumbles. Sadly no help on the repair. 9 year old car costs more per year to maintain then it costs... 
@monicaerfe this sucks :/ it didn't work last year also i remember 
@aphares210 @RandomHero77 I know braces  and snake bites :/..... I'll have them for 2~!!!!!!!! year s :'(
This is a really bad year for me. The only subject I got a 100% is probably English  #squarespace
@christiebower @calijerk been over a year since my last vacation.  need some mental R&amp;R bad.
so I got an 82 on that science final, and an 88 for the year.  not bad.  aaaaand wow's down. 
@tommcfly gutted couldnt come to your shows in scotland this year, my brothers wedding was the same day!  next year though! ;)
@padme911 Until my surgeries next year...my costuming is pretty much on hold. 
@EatMagazine  another year and i miss yet again  looks like great time and glad the weather was beautiful. next year will c u there
2nd time this year my truck drove off on a flatbed  
@claytonhowl No, we are not going this year, sorry. 
i was hoping  to be going 2 glastonbury this year but the tickets are sold out  xoxo
i want a 3G S but i don't want them to do a major upgrade with dual core ARM A9's if i get it. i don't want to wait a year or so either 
Seriously and completely broken hearted about missing my favourite band's reunion last year. 
@lawlpawl  that sucks. i've never had it really bad, but it tends to go one year i get it, next i don't, next i do etc.
@Giilliiaann mines a whole year in like 2 days. its really sad  i will do. xx
I can remember as a kid that doctors took a decade to pay off medical school loans now it's taking that long for a 4 year degree! 
@aristocat123 Any coming up? I'm vacationed out until a cruise later in year. 
@Sian22 dale last year wasn't too bad but there's hardly ever any nice guys 
@bananchips Ahh.. okay.. I was thinking of beeing that one year but never got to it.. 
@itsRj504 no essence this year 
@mtrends was happy to be there last year! unfortunately can't make it this time  looking forward to the blogs and livetweets on #m20eu
@BlumbergOTB well the owners filed bankruptcy...  so theyyyy might be in like a year or so. its depressing!!
@vickytcobra You and me both. i didnt get to see you guys last year cause i got lost trying to find the venu 
@sorrysweetheart haha  But I'm gonna work my ass off though :/ And then I've got school for another three years after my gap year 
Starting to regret not going on the bouncy castle today  was too scared i'd jump ontop of the 5year olds
@BethFishReads  I'm thinking . . I'm thinking . .  But currently #53 on the library wait list for #1   It may take a year  to get that 1.
My room looks like it was literally hit by a hurricane of papers. All my notes from the school year are completely spread out 
sophomore year... first time using comp. shops...   not really used to this.. the keyboard feels so different..
http://twitpic.com/7kyne - rip ingrid its been a year 
@itsMandaPanda i don't think any gemini had a good birthday this year 
Car registration fees this year = 
@johnnyrcooper i wish yall were playing near baytown again soon. i don't think yall are playing again near here for the rest of the year 
I've acquired really low self-esteem over this past year. This sounds so pathetic but I wish that I had someone to help raise it up again 
I need to stop letting myself think about where I am going to be in a year from now as it has begun to cause daily minor panic attacks 
...  So the person who may or may not have ruined several months to a year (or more) of my life is back in the states.
A puking 5 year old &amp; vacation do not go well together 
@redranter i thot fergie was trying to get him last year..  and this year he hasnt even shown any signs of getting him! srsly surprising..
wow i do not get anything in algebra. its so freakin hard and i forgot everything we learned this year 
syon just sent me the last official &quot;dance text&quot; of the year   its been a great year
just came back from mcat physic lec. i think i prefer last year's instructor more. 
@summerislovey Its not my fault 4 year olds can beat me up  lol
@trniii no, thats what i would tell my younger self...lol i could be done next year  and start off making $500/day...what was i think??
@InAnimateAlpha I know. I feel like a freakin 5 year old 
@cciconoclastic unfair officer selections for the upcoming year in more than one activity. 
@alittletrendy ugh, I have wait another whole year to give it to her?! 
@KarlXerri noooo i wish i was no festivals for me this year  idk how i'll survive
I refound my old sucidegirls radio podcasts from a year past and it is making me laugh so hard. I missed missy and lizzy 
@mrscrob good luck, I had mine eaten to the core last year 
@Illendil ahhhh no last lesson! we don't have you next year 
@laurenisadick didn't get to go 2 download this year  already planning next years trip!!
@rdpixie 3 whole days, poor you, i think im approaching the year mark now (maybe more!) 
@SarahAddicts I know,and it's weird that during the year there is hardly candids of her but now she goes on holiday and look at that.  sad
@taylorswift13 come back to australia melbourne i need some inspiration to get me through the year we miss you 
It's looking like I'll only be getting a teeny pay rise this year 
wishing i had the dollar to go to a festival this year 
what was stage 5 last year? i forget. i think it was a good one though 
the 2 headliners for next year cost more than the whole main stage artist fees this year XD that's why there's no stage 5  wont even like.
No more 3rd year  but the junior certs over and summers here!!!
year book signing. I can't tell if my life is over or if it's just starting 
@vweastside no i'm working  are you going to join the masses? when i agreed to work i was like damn it! wonder if it will be 800this year
@lorenita327 you can at least go on the cruise next year, I'm not old enough 
@hollywills definatly get into it! every year i say i wont but do  this year it is full of some right weirdo's!
Laying out at the pool on vacay. But....these 7-8 year olds talking *loudly* about farting is starting to wear on me 
@hjkuzcotopia yesterday we had rain...but this time of year it just makes it super humid.   ick
@CorinneFTW i don't know  hopefully in around two weeks. i also have to figure out if there is any way for me to stay on hhi next year...
@poynterlubz been given our new timetables for where i am next year!! and iv been taken off from year 11's and put were i dont want 2 be 
@iamchrisc congrates, good job ....i still go another year 
got the day off and I'm researching placements for next year's internship! Also trying to put up a new pic.. not working too well 
@Merrygoldalways awww i knoww  omg my biggest test of the year tomorrow (U) x
@thatgirlwhitney Yes...I had one for a year and then it completely died on me. 
Fact: Over 10,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows! 
@DonnieWahlberg I'll give you another twug as I'll most likely won't get a real hug until next year 
@coldfusion1970 I still have a year on my contract 
@DianeV_V i haven't seen you in approx. a year. do something with ME sometime   ahaha
@KnittingGoddess my friend is getting married next year that weekend  Not doing I knit but my bags are ;)
headed off to the last choral performance until the next year  school went by fast this year.
I just saw a 70-year-old version of myself.  He was riding the bus 
@MrSellers You no go to 10th grade next year? 
@koolpersonrockz metric came to az about a year ago or so, but only to a 21+ bar  and I think they also played at edge fest last year.
winter in sydney with @raspberryx and @joselomvg last year 
@starbucksapron   just think cruise next year!
@roentgenatrix yea, its best to retake it this year it goes up every year I think  It's weird how Q's work too - they're all weighted diff
watching csi. this holiday is totally boring! a day seems like a year  
*I can't stay 2 year old has decided to start screaming  #fitfam #bluebox
@redii: If you mean the 30&quot; generally, totally. I've had it about a year. Unfortunately I've had to move into a tinier workplace 
I'm not getting a vacation this year 
my little girl is turning 3 this weekend, and her gift is sold out   Hopefully we will not need to cross border shop again this year
only last year i was with bex and ashley and ferrell  almost 8 more days till i see you guys
@jonasgrrl so i guess you really wont b able to have a vehicle on campus this year 
@laurenhawks yeah ill be really sad when im filling out that stuff next year. 
is thinking what is the world going to 82 year woman gets beaten in broad daylight 
its looking like no netball this year 
@Kevirus I will! Next year  It'll go by fast again though. I need to start to research colleges again.
Congrats to all '09 graduates!!! Wow, it doesn't seem like I graduated a year ago! Where did the time go? 
@shalin99  I knw yar... I hated it too... its a big headache ... m also very tired... still have one whole year to go... 
@Nicers yeah I think it might take a while for them to negotiate hotel prices for next year, the hotel likes to bump them a bit each year 
@gyp_sy This time next year we'll be putting in the orders 
@vojha this i did the baseball package on comcast last year, but this year i haven't watched many just reading scores on the braves site 
last day of my first year of college so sad  been best year ever n dnt no wt 2 do 4 10 weeks xx
Hols booked! just another 1/4 of a year to go 
ITV passed... but i have to fix 2 lights. but now my car is 10 years old and i have to pass the test every single year 
Missing one of the greatest golf events of the year...  upp north
This is my last full day as a 26 year old 
10 year old bsd-based firewall died. rest in peace you little devil  now to figure out how to replace it asap...
Survey says?  No promotion for me.  There's always next year 
@DawnMarieDunn and I am sorry I can't make it to your birthday. The end of the year is wrapping up. I just can't physically do it 
@herxjourney im down for forties! hellyeahh. but no dry hevaing this year 
me and @ashthetwit are being bullied by a first year goth 
@nabba25 yup. Why you bringing some down for me! I haven't had any in over a year 
yay only one more weekend that i have to do revising then i quit, well until next year when i do the rest of my GCSEs :-[ :[  
@imcatwest its probably allergies at this time of year, trust me ive got them all! haha cats, hayfever, horses.  hope they get better soon
F on the final :/ F for the year. Helllllo summer schoool 
my boy is another year older! sad for me  because its now a 7 yr difference. well atleast he can drink legally! age is but a #
just played basketball for the first time in over a year.. man, i feel old  #fb
@SuburbanTurmoil Just commented...I had almost the exact conversation with my (then) 5 year old.  
my favorite retail store announced yesterday that it's closing by the end of the year!   what am i gonna do without ruehl?!
Just finished my last day of vo-tech. I can't wait until I go back next year. I sure am going to miss it this summer 
@englandsimpson I was trying to see who was going. I should go so I can talk to some people you know network, but its 15$ this year 
@parkerspace And done - I aim to please.  http://foxyurl.com/6yL To bad this won't happen for real this year 
@jordanknight I will be there! I was disappointed that I found out about the cruise too late this year. 
@Edisonneil no  this year I will tho! did you go to yours?
Running out of ways to procrastinate; really should go get panning folder sorted for next year! 
Running out of ways to procrastinate; really should go get planning folder sorted for next year! 
Pretty sure I just followed through on one of the biggest mistakes I'll make this year. 
All the regulars who go every year bailed, and I got stuck.  
@cheyroux aww we've decided we're not doing benson this year...he's too old and tired 
@MsUndeniablyFly Damnn one more year to go! Lol ii turned 20 yesterday 
@jordanknight Me and my girl!!!!  we missed it this year  
@luche21 2 year old block? Could she have been exposed to it? 
@tommcfly next year! :O what about this year? are you doing an arena tour? yous have too  x
@tommcfly i hope the mcfly in belo horizonte-mg/brazil next year, our next month 
I'm suddenly feeling like I really missed out by not having a pass to @LOHASForum this year #LOHASForum 
6/6. I am going to hate Fridays for the rest of the year 
chip-in birdie from the bunker and no achievement.  they made them a lot tougher this year...
@Dannymcfly you suck ass...i cant believe you played at the iow festi....The only year i didnt go  You guna come back next year??? xx
@blktauna Awww   But it makes up for all the goodies I've missed this past year ;)
@missbr0okelin yeah it's absolutely awful!! This year is weird 
@skatergator777 ugh u made me so excited for a second! haha i thought u meant she was retiring next year. but no, one more year w/ mrs.o! 
@hilorik no kidding. i marked it on the calendar to book on the 16th, but then a midterm got in the way and i forgot. no canoe this year 
@designhermomma I go every year but missed it since I was out of town this time around. 
@melvolner i dont think i could do a winter one  i really hope they dont do one till next year! but i think they will 
so ashes to ashes, I can't believe they did that and I can't believe they are going to make me wait a year to find out what happened. 
year one looks sooooo funny, unfortunately i will not have money to see it in theatres  
@selenagomez I'm having my prom tomorrow and I can't wait! this is my last year in junior high 
Best video I've ever seen...almost an entire year late  http://bit.ly/RcrhP
Not as awesome as if they had done it last year, though. 
@SavhadsProdigi It's true. I made a resolution with @navohnjayms no sex for a whole year 
@14eleven I've seen too many loved ones pass away since I was about 13 until last year even. It's so hard 
@toastcommunism that's so stupid how they get to keep all their players for 50 years and my teams struggle to sign anyone for a year  hate
fuck. you came out of no where and now you wont leave  why r u still in my thoughts? its been over a year..... i dont know what to do now.
My 2 year old niece keep waking me up. 
Thinksher little man has grown up a year in a week! 
I wanna watch year one 
@CaronPhotos It called me too but you can't upgrade until your contract runs out and mine doesn't do that till next year. 
exactly a year ago i'm in paris.  je manque tout beaucoup.
exactly a year ago i was in paris. je manque tout. 
Seniors year prank was great! cant believe its over 
so much for the happiest fukkin day of the year! 
F1 teams set to breakaway from the championship and launch a new series next year   http://www.autosport.com/news/report.php/id/76292
underoath have made me really jelous of everyone going to warped tour this year 
What is a 5 year old to do with fifty six quid 
@aral not quite the hordes we saw last year is it? maybe the people who bought then can't renew their contracts yet? 
@backstreetboys of courseeee we miss there's not even need to ask ;-) it's been more than a year since you last came to italy 
so starts day one of a year long battle. i really thought we were done with this. now i find out itll be like this once every 5 years. 
no year 11'sin bushes  bad times.
waaahh i have to wait till next year to go to canada 
My mac seems SO slow it's only a year old 
dimarain year leader 
@Soundchaserband can't wait for it to be in the online store as I won't be over on my hols this year 
The school year's starting to be a bitch! Wtff. 
year one tonight until then.. uh nothing 
@HannieT been there done that, lol. i stopped WoW before university started this year for myself.. one of the hardest things to do ever. 
my last year as a teenager officially begins today...and i have to work  josh_rsnlmbrjk
Just signed shaggy's year book 
My 14 year old son is off for 6 1/2 weeks of summer fun. I'm really going to miss him. 
@wesaysummerrr aww man you cant drop computing  if it really means alot to you i'd maybe take higher music and do biology in 6th year?
@deniselazegui  this year sucks if those things would happen
just said goodbye to 4.5 year old piercings. it was their time to go 
@drlori71 yay for six year olds right!  I forgot the previous two nights so he was very upset. 
@tommcfly tom  why you not doing t4 on the beach this year! its what i wanted to go for! ahh     !!!!!!! xx
H.A.G.S !&lt;3 i remember siqninq yearbooks last year. ;) i miss hamburq&lt;3 
@eboni_ife lol I feel you. I just paid my dues for my 10 year reunion a few minutes ago. I'm getting old 2 
@MarkusFeehily can't wait to hear the new album, love you guys a year has been wayyy to long 
Less than two week 'til CONvergence.  I am a panelist on two costuming panels, and I don't have a new costume for this year, yet. 
@toofondofbooks UGH, I'm so sorry to hear that.  What a horrible way to end the year 
wish I used mail merge more often then twice a year - always forget what the heck I am doing 
@jfer32075 sorry. i crashed hard last nite and never responded 2 u.  i agree. this year's BUTS line-up pales in comparison 2 prior years. 
 not going to the visa championships this year because I need to save money. good luck @NLiukin
@papelpicado I feel your pain!! At the beginning of the sunshine this year I had two pairs of trousers do that to me in short succession! 
why do we have a year left on our company mobile contract, want an iphone gs 
@KarlaTerry sorry I missed the first swim of the year 
just read that my hometown's firework show is canceled this year due to lack of funds.  So sad 
@jacssap nope I didn't. But based on last year I was worried. 
I hate hanging out with my parents I feel like a five year old 
@dianaoftheriver well some of us are making the best of our 3 year commitment to verizion 
@SineadCampbell The hot 20 year old has a girlfriend 
It's lovely outtttttttt.. won't last long though.. supposed to get worst storms of the year tonight &amp; probably tornados. 
No raises this year due to recession 
@bethmcgrath garboffman day needs to be 15th june me thinks ;) but saying that we have to wait almost a year to celebrate it 
year one got such bad reviews! I am so sad 
OK-I had 2 make a decision re: going 2 back to work next year--I have 2 go back 1 more year-to get in a good financial place 2 homeschool 
awwww...year one is getting really bad reviews... 
@shandreen i know, its ruined the british gp this year 
@Geekpie some year groups are just bad, all schools have them 
damn, plans to see year one got cancelled 
@JulesK_7 it normally was like the theme song of the whole thing, like the peak point of the evening, he didnt show up last year thoo 
soooooo  bored and reeeeeeeeeeeelllllleeeeee wanting to go see year one!!!! 
listening about science makes me think back to the painful memories of chem (5th AND 6th year) 
@SweetTee2002 I wish I was there too...I'm missing all my first year experiences 
@foodcourts i want a job there so bad! you have to be 18 tho and i still have a year 
It's raining again! I don't think my cucumbers are going to live this year 
I have super sucky friends. They dont want to go see year one with me and i have been waiting all week to see it.  i might cry.
No hummus this year. 
Studying for exams... can't believe the year isn't over yet...  2 days 2 go!!!!
@EdwardLawrence I would be if I was there. I want to run a half marathon this  year, but don't have anyone to train with 
@aphonic awesome. i'm jealous.  i'm stuck with my 3G for another year and a half 
@reginaelaine I've been telling her since last year we should get bikes. We just never have the money 
: freshman year is over already?  this sucks! &gt;_&lt;
#inaperfectworld this time of the year would be beach season 
@JULL1234 yea. i have completed freshman year! yay! it was raining pretty much the whole day here 
Just of a haircut for the first time in a year and a half. No more hippie hair 
I met an 18-year-old fellow Chronie tonight 
I am incapable of keeping a digital camera for more than a year.  
@BellaSoChiic who ever knew this year would go by so fast now were moving on to have our own lives and its hitting me really hard 
@KneeshaGold i still have 2 go back a year  cause i took a year off 4 medical reasons but after that im going to unvi. for social worker
brand new at the troubadour next month is sold out 
practicing audition pieces. they're not very fun this year. 
@TheJLV yea she made me miss designing with that one. I havent even plugged in the computer i design on in over a year 
is practicing the audition pieces. they're not very fun this year. 
@sandcoffee agreed. its just her lyrics are basically everything 15/16 year olds go thru lol 
trying to write alannah's letter for the year 12 retreat, its so sad, i cant do it 
Reconfiguring weekend to include a sick 6-year-old 
i feel like i just wanna cry :'( this is the saddest day of the year so far  (that i can remember)
@KMers .. I miss my kitty.  He had dreadfully slow kidney failure b/c tainted cat food. had to put him down abt a year ago 
who wants to be 19? working my last day as an 18 year old 
@kassorocks Don't feel to bad.  I got one but it's not like I'm gonna be able to use it, let alone see them this year.  
no #canneslions this year, doctor says, still dangerous virus  however, 'll be lively following @luckthelady and the twittersphere
i really wanted to go to city stages this year 
@cminzzz year one sold out, i needed my chris mintz plasse fix and it was epic fail 
i dont know  if i should be happy or mad .. i guess i shoudnt really care about a 16 year olds love life but i cant help it 
Dealing with a sick 2 year old 
have a feeling we will have a crappy summer like last year... 
&lt;--- No Mayercraft next year makes my exoticbeachfeet sad. 
been photographing for 6 years. at the studio for a year and half. today for the first time ever i made a kid cry. haha 
i have had heart burn all day , thats not normal for a 14 year old 
wow today is camp rock's 1 year anniversary i cant believe it's been a year times going bye really fast and i don't want it to 
@rglauser Looks interesting, but a bit to enterprise'ish. $40000 minimum contract a year is _not_ an option for our current needs 
@chattee p*t*, i miss the way we used to chat girly-girl. what happened? miss the one-year-ago you. sigh... 
@nanna95 @NicoleAlison  I am sorry for  both your losses, I am sure you are feeling it particularly this time of year.  
im jealous that i can't go to porc fest this year 
@tom_ragg Sadly I can't make it this year 
..round a town not designed for a buggy on my own with the boys..oh well these things happen and our first row in over a year 
@PetiteKiki07 with my luck this year she will die.  that would not be fun to deal with. I don't like being home alone for a week
@brittanypi i miss freshman year  hopefully next year will be as much fun as freshman year was, haha.
just finished going through all my watches on deviantart from the past half a year or so. gah. art overload. makes me feel inadequate 
@kdvig  I know that feeling... they hate me too. Especially this year, for some reason!
ahhh i wanna go see year one. you should take me  nothing all weekend, woo~
@dedicating try over a year without caffeine. 
Uploading pictures. This time yesterday I was with randy and caitlin. It makes me sad that camp is done. Next year will be fun though. 
@stacienagy oh no!  Next year!
@salspizza I've been here almost a year, have tv in bedroom but haven't tuned it in yet 
@ddlovato please reply  it would make my day... or my year..
@beccasuss132 lmao too bad you won't live there next year to break the rules with me 
@tommcfly i love you tom, please, reply?  you'll make my whole year
wants to go to the mmvas soo bad! looking at the red carpet pics from last time!I dont want to wait a year  who knows if gaga will be back
@CatSpat don't see year one -- has puke. 
@officialTila i wasnt able to get wristbands for the mmvas. so i wont see you  . hoping to go next year.
Watching last year's wimbledon final, poor rafa won't be there this year.  oh well, go murray!
baseball was cancelled, so I went shopping..........not good  for my bank account or for me cause my summer stuff from last year no fit 
@LadyOriza don't want to rain on your parade but it's $199 plus the two year contract is a killer 
after a year and a half of being a vegetarian.. i caved &amp; ate turkey last thursday. i've feft guilty ever since. bummerrrr 
@officalvernonk i feel your pain, everynone of my friends is in ibiza for the season bad times  you getting across much this year ?
My room from junior year looks sad and abandoned  http://yfrog.com/5byorj
Apparently i have the hands of a 45 year old male. 
@sonyaina ouch... and on what seems to be the hottest day of the year! 
Another year of not looking forward to my birthday 
Working, working, and working some more. I haven't been out in almost a year 
I wish i went to sr prom this year it looked like fun 
@DaTruTopShotta year one. how come your night isnt right? 
@ladygaga I wish I would be there  Next year perhaps. 
Ugh... I'm about to go crazy! An 18 mo. old and a 5 year old... 
to all the moms out there is it normal for a one year old that is cutting molars not to eat much?  I'm worried about my little one 
im a 21 year old widow 
Just saw year one! It was good but not the super amazing i was expecting 
Up early on the longest day of the year 
@imamoonmonster this year (sniff) i won't be at lolla (first time missing it in 3 years!) i always celebrate my bday at lolla in chicago 
@WARPED09 I won't be going this year. No money at home since teachers are off during the summer. 
called to yell into my dads year a #happyfathersday since he's in cannes...he didnt pick up 
@TEYANATAYLOR What's up? It's no fair, 17 year old stuck with dialup so ustream won't really work 
@jellobunnies sweet! im using that for more than half a year now, still running well! gotta put one side for army 
@CHExBUttA I've wanted to have sex with you all year and you offer me when your nowhere near  how rude
@divya meant to say is sad to find out that he can't register for hair for hope this year 
can not believe his leg wont allow him to play this year 
@CHExBUttA well I didnt get you so your not my Victom.. but last year I was on my celebacy shit... this year I'll be doing the do I hope 
@barbtheaussie aawww but ive been good-ish this year 
@McFlyFreak03 yep sure was and yeah i have couple of times now wbu?? and btw they said there not touring again this year 
@sultanabran pink has ruined all of our teenie years since we were in like year 5. she used to be so much more fierce 
@frillneck hey dude!! when's your solo cd coming out?? been waiting for more then a year now!  I'm craving for it! ;)
i wanna go to oktoberfest again this year, last year was mean as but somehow i dont fink im going to get there again in the next 3 years 
@SaMoDz actually, that's an almost 10 year old car that hasn't been kept up in the past 2 years - all my fault 
Oh noes, torres says its liverpool's year next year 
@facunditas  Awwwh.  I miss my dad dreadfully. 6 years this year 
i dunno if i'm gonna join this year's musical extravaganza.. 
Again, its the morning after that always slaps me in the face for drinking. Not as bad as last year's birthday, but damn I'm nauseous 
@Biddygirl anything but a 3po model. their secondary functions are so last year and annoying 
how long is it till i see her?? someday next year..?? humm...i miss her so much. 
i hate the fact i only get to see @megpoynter like once or twice a year, i reaally do  
@aliscabastari where's ahmadinejad stand here?it gives me creep,as it's our election year too,we might as well as turn like iran 
the fall finished. it was the best station of the year 
got woken up by an energetic four year old :/ now has to stay awake so I can babysit.. yay  *I miss youu*
Man Ahune was so fun last year, it's sad to see him so dwarfed with 80's pummeling his face 
http://twitpic.com/803qs - not on track for status this year 
I want to do the bike ride now  maybe next year!
why do 11 year olds have to wake up at seven to make you watch tom and jerry 
boredddd.... its the longest day o the year todayyy woooo... geeeze its not even hot! 
had to sell the @burningman ticket this year....  for pix of my last 3 burns, peep worldthreat.net or flickr.com/worldthreat
So ready to cram a year's worth of physics into his head... 
doing admission on a 26!  year old girl. i wonder what happens in a lifetime that can bring you here, by the time you are 26. sad 
really wants to go to warped tour this year.....    i hope my brother lets me.
Really hating the fact that everyone is going on holiday this year! It's really unfair! I want to cry 
passed her first year...stil bit disappointed with all 2:2s and one 2:1 
Aw the saddest moment of my year, giving up my cat . she knew it was happening too  
@alltimeASIAN that sucks!  after years of begging i'm finally going to warped this year!
either epic games will release ut3 this year or probably never 
So many questions from my lovely 8 year old, why can't you live with mummy is it because it's hard, I love you daddy... 
We trained all year worked so hard and we lost ur county final ! i am 
Realized that jakes been gone for a year now. 
My 2 year old would love nothing more than to go play outside... it's just too hot. 
I'm very upset with my self. I ruined my 6.5 year plan 
i'm beyond furious; a couple of 14 year olds ransacked my entire pedicure set i hadn't even used yet 
aw, my favorite coupled dissolved their ten year marriage today. 
@permanent4 worst news of the year 
i miss my 1st year highschool days.. 
sorting out accomodation and flights for next year, will be back in the zero numbers but only till expsense claim comes through 
@PandaMayhem - oh my! where did u get the year off info??? 
http://twitpic.com/86yf3 - @dbambray : whaaat?? really?  aww! that will surely get better soon! at least this year you're classmates w ...
No vacation this year? RATS! I wanna go to the beach! How can I survive another year without visiting the ocean?   
reality of me not seeing bey this year is setting in   I hate having to be a responsible adult with priorities...
@keepingfeet I'm ready for a RAM upgrade, plus more hard drive space. I have another year though 
@joeymcintyre I heard you guys were on for one more year and then we hear the break-up speech 
This year has been such a sad year.  no institute tonight  poor marty
so missing @jonandolino @schukie and the end of the year fun 
@shebreathes they've been doing that since last year. closing entire offices in important areas. that's the breaks? 
i can't seem to get into big brother this year i usually love it but im not too keen on it this time round 
@karenmcginnis i picked up at 600lb woman at work over a year ago so been off since  been a horrible year
@DVett no dice - not this year  You?
jesus I'm sunburned. but it's been a fantastic 2 year anniversary. I just wish I had the night off 
won't be celebrating 4th of july this year for the first year in her life 
I officially only have one month left of my twenties.  
Wishes he had Four year Strongs new album 
Now my 4 year old sister was infected by me.  after her check-up, i`m next.
I feel like the most pathetic loser on earth right now.  This is the worst year I've ever had. 
I just realized that I need to finish school... I only have like a year and a half left... 
i can NOT wait til i get my braces off! which is, oh yeah, like in a year!! 
@mommy_holly yay for no broken legs...that pic of him last year was so sad 
@MariaBernal ooh special magazine!!  We get 'em here too but they're like $10 so I only get like 2 year 
@shekharg that's really messed up! happens every year though, and keeps getting worse 
was just told my 9 year old cousin broke both her arms, poor thing 
No taste fest this year 
@msmanya Thats not for another year girl. I already been waiting a year for it. lol I cant hold my breath. 
Today I am gonna turn in my books for school eventough I can pick them up again at the end of the summer to do the whole year over 
@evepek haha.. somewhere near.. not many days of leave to clear!  going to bangkok and probably beijing end year... where have u been??
moving back home for the summer  also waiting for end of year results to come online.
@Littleh77 it's been great some real 'talent' out there this year! Lol, I miss raffa though 
@quangdx expect speeding tickets and loads of other fines in the post soon then! It happened to me last year 
@huwstephens Really wish I was going   I'm stuck in college. Next year hopefully 
@karlbright I know, i will have to buy a petticoat to wear underneath to make it longer just like i did with my pirate costume last year 
@freaky_curves next year?haha..i don't think so.. 
@tdwpband awe, i was supposed to go this year, but now I'm not so sure I can 
broke my ankle. have to stay at home for the next 6 weeks... poor timing, one year too early! soccer worldcup starts next year 
going to make plans to head to #glastonbury next year - sick of just seeing coverage 
@GUNNAROptiks1 Of course you're there the year I don't go.  And your link isn't working, here's a functional one: http://is.gd/1d2lD
@amandafortier  I am so happy with all the fun you are going to have and bummed I will not be there this year.     #NHLTweetup
@schutzsmith We didn't do stickers this year! Just buttons...sorry  #HOWconf
@kellymccausey Can you believe he's a year older already! It goes by so fast 
@metatronics me too.  It's a class with 20 dumb girls and 1 thirty year old man. Wtf
@TracyFieldsD@LaaLaa1117 I think we need to form r support group now! There is no way we r going to b able 2 handle a year break 
@LaaLaa1117 I think we need to form r support group now! There is no way we r going to b able 2 handle a year break 
@adaline_langton Not going either? I thought I'd take a year off from the mud, but now regret it (as I knew I would). 
Saying goodbye is even harder when it's with a 5 year old. 
is upset that there are no more british girls in the singles main draw at wimby  it should have been such a promising year!   
every year I keep thinking that it's on the 28th and I have no idea why! 
@_angieruiz you won't be here for my birthday this year. 
has to resit exams over summer...  wishes he worked harder at first year of uni...
@mari_chiquitita nice pics from last years festival. How about we plan to meet there next year! 
Attempting to leave &amp; cross the Int'l dateline the day before my birthday so I skip it completely this year. I stay at this age again!! 
@AdHocHazel I was quasi vegan (except for the odd tin of tuna) for a few months this year and loved it. then I suddenly desired steak 
@mykitchenstore we are planning our first one this year, egg hunt that is 
@cravenjade Won't give an exact $, but I will say that my online stuff gave me the equivalent of a 25% raise from my day job last year 
@JohnFletcher a house there in a year or so 
@lazygiraffe I have that problem with fabric, I have been 'quite' good this year so far 
I'm excited that I already found my roomie for next year! 
remembers himself of the last year. Concerts, meetings.. She looks forward to that that begins again  !
need a laugh? read my background  i wish i had a seven year old mind
Eating nesperas for the first time this year...yummy 
off to spend my morning with 5 year olds...my favorite is the tiny one with the big brown eyes 
@candicee93 yeah I am I've been on I since sophmore year 
@tallivansunder It's something I've been trying for years, just soooooo hard when on the road...being real serious this year about it 
Looking forward to the first barbecue of the year 
oh look my 3 year old tweeted  lol
@Kenziekins8193 it was awesome last year. no bs showed up too. 
is jealous my 1 month old niece has traveled more than me this year 
@HappyHotelier and I will also join wedding season this year, propably it's the crises ... 
@earthtoandrew yes soon please.  too bad you weren't at groezrock this year. tell us when u are coming to europe!
I'll be done with my first year of college before the milk that I just drank expires. 
a 50year young man wins it make this 60 year youngman feel good! 
For a game designed by a 6 year old, it's pretty entertaining/addicting 
is so happy that she gets to keep the blue rocket next year! 
@TwEubanks Hey, it's been almost a year since you were frustrated. How about another try? 
@adrenalynntoao i'm the year of the snake 
@andydick And this time next year...you will still be eating cereal instead of beer. 
@robinmatthewfry ... and by the following year, rituals will have become entrenched and historical scholarship will start!  
This is my 1901st update..   Trying to decide where to go for our (potential) holiday later this year..ideas? suggestions?
@dougiemcfly are any of you boys doing the london marathon this year  haha
I love watching the garden come to life at this time of year.....I'm like an excited little kid in a candy store 
I'll upload pic as soon as i get it working on pc on here, u guys made my smegging year 
@therealles happy 9 month (3 hollywood year) anniversary baby! 
My 4 year old just told me i am amazing. Sherp a total trip 
taking my brother out for a photoshoot today - will be nice to have a more willing subject than my 3-year old &amp; 5 month old 
just LOVE the smell of a million sweating 10 year olds in a very crowded area. makes me happy  *begins pukeing *
today is my 1-year anniversary with my driver's license!  &lt;3
@heenim they're going on an asian tour next year so maybe I could go to one of the concerts 
@twista202 I've been doing it since year 7. I like learning languages 
@zackalltimelow happy birthday dudelet  this time last year i was watching you guys on trl i think
@siphotwit i'm recovering from 8 year heroin addiction... but still smoke spliff 
officially finished 1st year of university and i'm home for the summerrrr! 
is finishing her last paper of her junior year 
@FridaJohansson thank you! I'm almost a grown-up now, if you ignor the fact that I'm like a five-year-old inside 
@sohamdas anyways its the same by both measures..  as per last year results..
@libbyoliver - @calw and @caldjr are an item! We stayed with them earlier in the year! 
About to shower...omgsh only 3 more weeks left of my college freshman year 
@magnusholmgren About the same here I suppose. The rest of the year, is spent dreaming of warm toes 
@my3boybarians lol-no earthquakes-just a punky-feelin 6 year old... 
@GirlieExtra it must be that time of year, I just chopped mine yesterday-highlights Tues. yay summer! 
@christamacphee I'm a future teacher -- I'm finishing my degree this year! I'm so excited to start working 
@deanna2010 me neither. but that's why we gotta enjoy our last year 
This year is going to be an adventure.... &amp; i'm lookin forward to every minute! I'm ready to be happy 
love 'super sweet sixteen'. watching a 15 year old demand a peugot scooter makes me feel less spoilt 
@etheri saw the preview for terminator. I did not see them have #swineflu in the year 2018  on the preview.
@ernohannink yes, I was there last year, had a wonderful time, def worth saving up for 
@myfabolouslife my homeboy was just tellin me a story about how u killed a summer jam one year @ jones beach-yrs ago! 
@jeff_w44 that all depends on what type of music you like  you done for the year?
@twinkletash i'm going with dawnie who i know since around a year from these boards  she also bought me a ticket
@theclimbergirl I was happy to have sent a couple of hard projects last night &amp; one route I probably wouldn't even have tried last year! 
@andieisuperb uhmm not so long really. i just came here last year 2008.  how is it in pinas? haha i miss it !
Hanging out with three nine-year-olds for a few hours... 
I have officially been married for 1 year, now thats exciting news! ...ok now time for bed 
@TwoBodyProblem Are you going to go the ren faire again this year? I can whip together EzJam a little something special 
@MorrisonCorner love this time of year with the lambs, just increased flock no by 50% to 4(!) by adding 2 orphan lambs 
spending the day outside.  no prom for another year!! 
i wonder what i should do for my birthday this year  5 months away now 
yay...first bbq of the year!! 
@problogger LOL nooooo if I am this far behind now, I would still be working on 60DBBB next year  But seriously been loving it!!
@Writerpayne that sounds the same as us - it is winter 10 months of the year or so it seems anyway 
This year, i'm going to be in a musical...... (well i'd like to be  ).... preferably little shop of horrors
I did, however still submit a hefty check from pledges  Next year will be awesome
@kobe213 it's all good. We got it next year 
@pharmacyfun true...though having a 6 year old little boy that gets easily distracted is pretty gross too! 
@cupiexcake depends on if i can do warped or not this year  if so i'll be there!
some days its more a question of whos not having a baby this year! 
@KevinRButters i was in chiangmai for a month last year during loy krathong. best festival ever. 
@joolzP1 i was studying computing this year...bring as feck!! changing to plant science  next year
@buglegirl Thanks! I'm not quite ready for a marathon yet -- if at all, not this year anyway. 
@siftedbit I'm saving up for a three burner weber for next year 
first year in ages where i'm not going to the crafty raft :O i don't mind though, i don't even like the crafty raft 
at work. these five year olds are gonna keep me young. 
is done with classes for her freshman year. 
it gets worse every year and 2010/2011 will be the worst. oh, and 6 months today! 
celebrating being engaged for 1 year to the handsome @aaronmbaer! 
I have been married 1 year to the most wonderful man 
@crazyness  o sweet i saw him last year with kenny &amp; sugarland will be with kenny this year.. i have seen them b4... love them.. gknight 
happy 1 year! &lt;3 
is slowly crunching the reality that june is fast approaching. in other words, classes again, and another year will be added to my age. 
@davidarchie needs to make plans to come back to uk! yest he made my year  love him xo
@drewryanscott then u should went to vegas like u did last year  I think this was around the time u killed that animal with ur old car LOL
everything i wanted to happen this year is happening 
@GavinDeGraw rich and alone... i'll just travel all year round 
is happy that we at least got a bronze medal this year 
@playboytre They just need to step their game up next year. They haven't gotten this far in 10 yrs so I'm proud of 'em 
@impossibledino im pretty sure @mikevince86 signed almost evry year in my books. he loves me mooore  but foreals, dont make plans 4 july9
studying! almost done with my first year of college...?! HELLyesss!! 
@AndreaMate he said about a year. They have moved so fast tho i think they will be off sooner. i wanted straight teeth for my wedding 
@MeiNg oh, i did utkatasana last year~i just deleted all of last year's youtube videos today~i'll do standing series poses next week 
3 more days and my mid-year exam will end 
just came out of a very innovative and powerful meeting...we got some real tricks and stunts for you this year boys and girls 
@TillyBeaz It's a beautiful city...so much to do and the people are so very friendly here. We planned on a 2 year stay. We're on year 4. 
@GenericZA perhaps they are trying to get the silliest lyrics of the year award - http://tinyurl.com/c44eox 
@dafferss yup, this be it's fourth year, despite my terrible treatment! 
@rhodri Think of it this way: he has had more than 22,000 views. With 0.25% positive response, he has a girl for every week of the year 
doesn't like the rain. Last 2 days of jr year!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/55bot - our year 12 muck up pic  always so flattering... haha.
and now only 2 pieces of work and 1 week stand betweeen me and the end of 2nd year 
This sunday is the 17th.  1 year, 8 months.
Our 3 year anniversary has been officially postponed due to illness. Now we're ordering pizza and watching movies. I love that too. 
http://twitpic.com/55gmg - The garden this year 
@Smoeberry people should learn you need sunglasses all year round in australia so I don't get bored. All good I finish in half an hour 
Is looking at her speech and think its the [best] thing she did all year; graduation [6 days away] 
@CBUSMsupport I think our boys will next year. but at least they got to perform this year so gotta give them some credit 
Being served a lovely breakfast by my 7 year old daughter 
@r3investigator Wow!! 25 years!! I just read that 2 group at Hannys- laughter!  time fliiies!! Next year ya gotta join us!!! 
@heymcfly53 well they're making a new sports uniform but nothing wild really in my year  yes to the year 9's and 10's what you studying
@DavidArchie are you going to have another concert in the Philippines? maybe next year? 
Watching vid, 4 year old drummer and great bannddd  http://bit.ly/G6eVE
@slightlyfamous half a year to go 
@riseagainst are you guys coming to switzerland this year? i want to hear your new stuff live 
@yonderboy What's great about fucking 28 year olds? There's 20 of them 
@shauniactive do you not like justin? i didn't until last year, but i agree just mcfly would be best 
@deviljelly Every year's a &quot;lady year&quot;.  I think @perrins mean't &quot;last year&quot;.
@duduDuyen i know! i love britain's got talent  who's your favorite this year?
@bluebonnetfield awesome!  and roses actually remind me it's time to get the garden going full force for this year, if I want to enjoy it 
@Rakpenguin63 Haha. I can't wait for my next birthday.  But it passed this year. &quot;/
@LauraMag new hair cut for a new a school year! 
... win again, instead of an east-europian. no offence. and please vote for belgium next year, we're depressed. haha  that's a joke.
@chrisdelta but the plan is going to be aired this year  also..omg! toaster brains!
Our first wedding anniversary is in 4 days. I cannot wait. I love that our 1st year was so great. I'm looking foward to forever. 
1 year Wow how its flown :] Congrates...ashsimpsonwentz &amp; petewentz 
@PaulCantor apart from a student loan, i never borrowed anything i couldn't pay back within six months; then again i don't own much 
@SIMBASMAMA jack's a 3 month old australian shepherd 
@MisKoChai am I doing this right!?!? I luuvvv u ms 22 year old 
@mariqueen wanna take care of my bday dessert this year? I don't think I even got one last year. 
@DDubsTweetheart YES! The milk duds! If you get me on the cruise next year, I won't have to bring them out. 
Grace greeted me with OWAN at breakfast this morning.. Surely 4 year olds should still be singing nursery rhymes 
My last day as a 26 year old 
@iantalbot You still have a chance for the photo of the year. 
@doctordemonicus yes i remember - last year! great festival! 
@JosephCHLam so are you exchange next year?  lucky duck!
@joshtastic1 your welcome  @MrTomHill maybe but our whole year group higher or not start at same time :o
the day went by super fast  so excited to get the year over with
going to school! yay! almost a juni, the year has gone by fast! 
hating man united at the moment- but theres always next year 
Sitten in college waiting for my end of year review! wooo 
Last monday of the year  !  
The most beautiful day of the year so far   
@padgettmrktg I tried that last year, but no one wanted to give up their secrets 
met my baby a year ago today  time flies!!!
studying business  the best subject i took this year. 
making a newspaper staff list for next year 
I totally want to give it to a 14 year old boy 
that i am not so good at. good thing we get an oral next year. 
looking forward to next year...promising new freshmen will join me! 
@Turkish_goddess for lik a year n 8 months! 
yeeeeyy! got a morrissey ticket for leeds- twice in a year 
Last project hand in for this year today 
@lynnie11 HAHA awesome.  @julesh looks like we're all making 2010 our year 
@midgetmum I give up hoping that the forecasts will be right, most of the year. But when they promise me sun, I want them to be right! 
is looking forward to leeds this year  not long now.
@missVinski ok! hehe. We're lucky you know, my friend went to adam khoo last year, she paid 7.5 mil for 4 days! We get to pay half of it! 
@xinch woo wee! good choice!  err... australia. I dont think so. I AM going back there next year for 2 years :p
I stayed away from twitter for nearly half a year! Who can believe that? 
I've read enough ridiculous stories in the past year to know that #sackdorris is a trend I want to be involved in.  
Going out to mow the lawn with a one year old and an almost three year old in tow...this should be fun!!!    (and take forever!  LOL!)
@ThisismyiQ yay! my homestates capital!  enjoy! I miss mi, i've been overseas all year.
I feel like I'm finally bonding with these 60 boys...it only took the whole year. 
I assume sales this month give me a new revenue record for me 
@graphikjunkie My 2.5 year old would do that too. He loves the computer 
@ChrisLaRocque77 the 3 year old will come around especially when she/he realizes they can't play the guilt card anymore!  
just finished my sophomore year of highschool today. I can only wish that my last two years are phenomenal. I love/miss you all! 
@JeromeKoehler take breaks. i took a year off. i'm currently 3 months into my next break.  or play fighting games. they're fun.
@themattharris I have a 1970 vintage from them, hoping to get a hold of a 1963 or 1955 sometime this year.  You need to visit sometime 
@nobodylkl your not alone....trying to get to the next day (or year) too! my head hurts!......you'll wake up feeling better...you'll see 
@MsV1959 oh it was pouring this year! Not too bad once you got running, but I was drenched before it even started.I would do it again tho 
@MesaArtsCenter This may be a pipe dream..but is it too late to register as a vendor? Probably,right? Here's to next year (hopefully!) 
@lilyzajoehai but also in 2009, ur sis is getting married. should be a good year!!! 
planning the next year of my life.. in pencil of course so I can always make some revisions 
@lfletche as much as I'd like that it needs to last longer than a year at curretn AT&amp;T rates! 
To hell with the rest of the year. Lets party 
i feel accomplished, i deleted photos &amp; crap i didn't need. &amp; decided what i want for next year  ; now its time to text and sleeeep
enjoying the new found peace and freedom after a 30 year long war 
wooooo! bbq today! well excited, drink and good food and some games, defo going to win the sack race this year! 
@avinashmeetoo I'm just reminiscing my stay at the hospital, last year. 
@shullygully tell me about it. hehe first year its like that 
first bonfire this year 
@Mendelt I didn't see a pizza stand this year.. and they charged 20 euros this year too. Now I feel ripped off. 
has her car re-registered for another year 
just registered for voting in next year's election under my married name  proud Poliquit 
