Most common words for this cluster:
[('years', 448), ('months', 373), ('weeks', 125), ('couple', 35), ('lol', 34), ('days', 23), ('com', 14), ('x', 13), ('http', 11), ('half', 10), ('amp', 10), ('time', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'months', 0.9204162955284119), (u'weeks', 0.8956586718559265), (u'years', 0.8869120478630066), (u'days', 0.8241706490516663), (u'decades', 0.699169933795929), (u'decade', 0.659873902797699), (u'month', 0.6593650579452515), (u'week', 0.620566725730896), (u'hours', 0.6192309260368347), (u'year', 0.6169131994247437)]





@CyFyre no   finished two years then had twinzzzzzzzzzzz
@kcarruthers I'm only 540 years old in pixie years. 
@ambermatson Yes, seems to have been much worse than normal over past few months 
@dtoews you'll have to wait a few more months... the backyard is still snowy. 
@lonemat yes. 10 months ago... 
We just finished 10 seasons of Friends in two months  Now what are we going to watch?!!??!
@nerdyboytko for like 5 months!!!! it just was not workin.... 
So as a succesful land surveyor (10 years), both field and office, I have spent more time unemployed than employed in the last 6 months. 
2 or 3 months before i see their faces again 
Just arrived from site! so damn HOOOOT!  can't imagine how HOOOT would it be in the coming Months! :-/
if officially single after 4.5 years 
...which, thinking about it, is what @kenshi told me to do months ago. 
@DasKatzi apparently dust after a rewire will take months to clear  I may have to buy an ionizer.
Almost 4 years and it's over 
I miss Friends!  ten years was so not enough
@iMichi one of my favourite colleagues is leaving and I have worked with him for 5 years!!!! 
@semanticist 18 months ago I could swim 3.2km before having to leave the pool (because I was too cold rather than exhausted) 
i can't help but be depressed. haven't felt like this in years 
has a migraine today...... first one for months and months and feels really sick  
can't sleep because of this raging migraine.  I haven't had one this bad in years 
@mellalicious think this will become an all too common story in the months ahead 
@StevieWynn I knoooowwww  but I have actually only had it twice in the last 4 months, so not really enuff for a removy job.
@homeandaway is it true that J&amp;C only last 3months? i'm afraid it'll be sooner  check it out: http://tinyurl.com/d77y5s  it's realy sucks!
minerva sentenced 8 years to jail....... 
Honestly, I haven't been this stressed in months...my head is already dizzy and I'm feeling not so great. 
@topsurf Don't even get me started thinking about steamed crabs.  It's still two months away 
@steven_9709 mayB wait until they just  release the new 1 then. I got the original 2 weeks before the 3g came out it then halved in price 
i wish that he would just say yes, i've liked him for 6 months i usually give up on guys within a month or 2  he's really special to me
@marshawrites A foaf went a couple of years ago, but she had a children's book to shop (successful). I can't afford it 
Going for my first swim in months. How many laps will I do? I'm thinking 10 tops 
@haarlem i love haarlem!! i went 3 years ago...i want come back 
@miseryunknown i'm sorry  i just got mine working again after 2 weeks too.  it SUCKS.
@sickestkid awww I haven't watched that in probably 2 years  I think I should because it's amazing.
.....was blonde (highlighted) for  years, loved it, but don't have time to spend 1/2 a day in the salon every 6 weeks  (nor the cash!) ???
6 months!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!nd i wnt see her till tuesday 
@lee_milton I'd love a sundae, but it's 11000 miles too far and 30 years too late 
stock market will take serious beating in a couple of weeks ... time to cash in last months gains 
why does he hate me?? now after 7 years??? huh? what have i done?? 
at bandung...spending our last weekend..until the next 4 months to be together again.... 
@essencejcom That's what I said and she is!! 7 months pregnant 
@dharv5 and lots of it! But I still have those 2 months where I can't purchase alcohol. 
@ms_sugakane  the he of four years.   i dont remember which he was last week....   LOL
@paulmonkey yeah I've gone from 14.5 to 16.5 stone in 8 months 
@alexiaaa hahahas i haven't eaten them in years 
@Caraandclo yh it is  how many weeks is it off your birthday? x
my watch died  and I just got it ...a few years ago :'-(
@IMustBeMad It peaked a couple of weeks ago at $1.45, but I held out and it went back down    Last year I got $1.89!
Starting to count down to the last exam (23 days to go) and then i'm free to waste 4 whole months  but for now, back to revision 
I hate these no shonen jump weeks 
Coming not comic. One of my patients passed away.  they've been in and out of here for months. 
@PaperCakes Right? But if I wait for him, it'll never happen! I've been down there maybe 5 times in 6 years! lol I don't like spiders! 
4 years...how could i let 4 years just go...he wasnt an angel let me tell u..but i loved him and always stood by him..i miss him 
@iammandurr I know! The shortest I've gone is seeing him twice in one day in 2 different cities &amp; the longest was 3 months. 
haven't done a full reading in years. still terrifies mehow accurate it is. didn't tell me anything I didn't already know though 
@Lybbe  sorry I've just said you were 64..I shouldn't be so flippant with the years
@slipandstumble I haven't been drunk in over 2 years! I've forgotten what it feels like! 
Working some where that i havent ever wanted to in back inside since i was ten years old still brings back the horrible feelings!  so ...
noooo!  my bro is 3 years younger than me &amp; he's nearly 3 inches taller than me!! :'( i've stopped grwwoing!
@cassiestein  We had ours two weeks ago lol.
what's the value of living a thousand years if i cant have the one tat i truly love...  
It's great keeping your car running for years &amp; years, but it sure can be a money sink.  
apart from that I have a colorlovers account which I totally ignore for the past 3 months 
omg i dont i think i want to talk about this.  it sound so close to home 2 years ago 
@destiniya I'm gone!  I don't know when I'll be back, either... at least 4 months, but it could be up to 14!
@torie007 enjoy him while you can. Mine is brain damaged for the past 20 years, he's alive, however &quot;not there&quot; you know what I mean? 
And the you realize &quot;shit I have to look at this scratch for the next 24 months of my contract&quot; 
omj! have to wait 3 months  so so so sad @DaNyTru
its almost as cold at new years ever in this bikini right now  ahhhh but im so pumped
I wish I was just about 3 years older 
told his wife of 7 years he is moving out 
@mahglotte I haven't had a crepe in months! I do miss. 
@kidthings I've never been to the deyoung  and I've been here for almost 7 years now.
 Three more years.
@essentiallyaspy i hadn't been to a salon in years before the few haircuts I had this year. And it'll be years before I go back again. 
it's been two years. we've never hugged. 
is wondering if Andain will ever release an album! I've been waiting for years now!. 
13 years of dance competitions, and i've finally come to my last one 
@tomdelonge ur sexy. i havent been on modlife in bout 234 years. so i miss all of you.  but yeah stay classy stud.
I just ordered a new chord for my labtop...should be getting it in two weeks. 
Ugh. I hate feeling like this. I fucking miss you  It's been 2 years and i'm still not over you...
wants to rewind the last 11 months and do it all differently 
just got my skul photos (finally! after 3 months)- and i looked horrible 
@BigPondTeam I have had someone here already to fix it - months ago - and still not working very well 
@MarisaAlexis you've got about 8 months to wait. 
@ajaedandridge iPhones been like this for bout two weeks now. I'm just admitting it to myself... 
no more lost for 8 months? how can this be? 
@jodotha I've been really stalled out on that novel for many, many months 
love thunderstorms, wish i was tired. 2 months 
@grimmers why aren't you doing freshly squeezed anymore??? ive woken up to you for the past 3 years and you leave so soon!? booo  x
7 months til season 6? 
@twilightfairy there's some password breaker that does it... Just used it a couple of months ago... But can't remember it right now 
@JackAllTimeLow @alexalltimelow @riandawson @zackalltimelow i miss you. come back.  two more months till i can see you again. iwantocry
@tinyblob hasn't been a n episode of sploitcast in about 2 years  I keep hoping it'll come back!
Wanting a vacation, but with more than two months before my next planned one. 
@tado It says 24 months in the letter I got. 
@McFlyNatta aww  i get to go back there for 2 more years in september but it wont be the same because i'll be a sixth former
is remembering two years 
U would think that after almost 2 years they would know what u want... I hate breakups! 
   i am soooo sad...at this point of night i'd be cuddling with jonathan like i did for 4 years
@otherijustine I like waffles, haven't had them in years thou  #nom
In urgent care, I haven't been here in years 
@themarcshow took me long enough!  i've been meaning to do it for many months now.  just been too busy i guess.  
@EverclearboyYPP i sold him a few years ago but i just really really miss him... 
@FunkeeMonk It happened! Only it was 7 years ago, so no photos 
Sitting here makes me nervous for the next 2 years.. 
Ugh even the movie theatre is hot! I can't escape  I need somewhere cool to live for the next 5 months lol
i miss my bestfriends sooo much i havent seen one of them since november  &amp; another since like 3 weeks ago and another since feburary 
I wish snl and the office were on every single day of the year. I dont want to wait months for new episodes 
@EmoCareBear I've been sick for the past few weeks, but it hasn't been bad.  I think the stress build-up I've had made it worse, though. 
@etornado god! that's an eternity in teen years. 
@Blondore @snappingturtle mine is only 18 months - I feel like I have lost out on something now 
moving to palo alto for few months 
@rach_jahla I know it's too long to wait  and then we have months till new season...so sad!
@fdaallday yea, sadly he died of pancreatic cancer a few years ago 
@Heroesdieold you dont, I do. I had a horrible dream with you in it too  its like 2 and a half weeks...we're getting there chicks! xxx
@absolutfeli sorry. I really thought I could make it  see u all in 3-4 weeks...
I've just realized that I have bought the wrong ham for this weeks sandwiches 
@eleusis7 It's thicker than that now... but only after 3 years. 
@vish01 he said no singing for 1-2 weeks  x
bummed about my laptop...took it in to get fixed &amp; they have to ship it out. I won't have it for 2 to 3 weeks 
After almost 6 months of fixing I am proud to announce that my experiment is still f*cked 
@NathanaelB can take up to 3 months if by boat!! 
@ lndnsky: yeah  it's been going on and on for years
@lndnsky: yeah  it's been going on and on for years
@pancakes85 DooDoo Faces are not cool....ive been trying to get rid of mine for weeks now 
@rlangdon I love rockclimbing, but havent in years 
@Kittenbomb I know the feeling... for the past 4 months sadly 
@wtjs123 yes! i fell in love and have to wait months for the next episode 
is single after four years 
naww laptop is getting taxed from me. i've had it for like 3 weeks 
i still have to wait until next 4 months.  arg!
@firusvg I was planning that in 2-3 years, but we broke up 
how did this even  happen? can i just rewind and to the last 4 years over? i wish so badly i had stressed a little less. im not ready 
Rumors of an upcoming X2...I haven't even owned my X1 for 3 months 
@oxchris lol i havent upgraded in two years.. i dont even have cable I prolly make @freshplastic sad  I make me sad 
@stephylouise I know  Such a bloody shame. Makes me so angry to think she could be walking free in 3 years.. :|
@OXgigglesXO ino it feels like he's been gone for two months already I want him back now!!! X x  x x x
So upset that my second degree burn from 2 months ago has left a lifetime scar! 
@Metroknow -    &lt;--- the biggest pout i've ever pouted in my many years of pouting.
At the cardiologist. I am the youngest person in here by 40 years. 
what was i thinking staying in williamsburg for the next three years 
@undacover YAY!!!! I haven't had a cheeseburger for months 
@maddmanphilly 5 years ago.... yeahhhhh 
we were together for like 7 months.. it hurts pretty bad. especially  when you feel like it hurts you way more than them 
@savannahonfire we were together for like 7 months.. it hurts pretty bad. especially when you feel like it hurts you way more than them 
GAHHHHHHHHHHHH how did I miss all those solo years...... 
@walkthistown i went 9 months without seeing fob. 
@HoptonHouseBnB now theres a thought .... do you still get goldfish at the fair ?? not seen them for years 
I was just watching some cartoons as I haven't in years when I was eating my breakfast, the programs have changed 
awwww, writing my resume's too difficult XD how do i tell them i've taken 10 different jobs and quit them within the span of two months? 
missing my man, two months is so long to not see him 
@brookedanielle_ it just upsets me , becasue like 6 years we have loved them .. and then this happens  imm really uset now x
@misstiffytaylor try having your best writing five years behind you  heh, it happens
@Reynolds_x all three are in the first 2 weeks of june for me 
We actually have milestones due for 3 high profile projects in the next 2 weeks, &amp; they are all scheduled when I am on vacation -  
@hollyneufeld i found a few a couple of weeks ago.    i spazzed and then pulled them all out, so life is back to normal, lol.
@twenty8 Shitttttt 
@Subville ...snuggles you back......everyones telling me to get over it ...but ive had her 15 years  x
.@petraeujane Too bad they never made it over here during the last ten years 
@InsideGaming No flame wars on this weeks episode? 
2 more days till half term is over 
People eight years my junior can't understand most of my references 
@Tiffers62 thanks... 6 lbs in 3 weeks 
Two months ago, I became irrelevant. 
Working on something exciting... and I cannot tweet about it for several months 
Two months ago, I became worthless. 
I miss beryl. I'm pretty sure I should have done something 3 years ago- and didn't. 
5 pounds, 2 months.  I've been glutennous for too long.
@lalaATROPHY I agree, I was born to late in the decade too, I only got two years  lol
@JimmyVo I started it but had to quit  I was doin semi-private lessons years ago &amp; loved it...no1 here 2 link up with.
1 of my best friends in the entire world is leaving in 3 weeks 2 go 2 italy for 2 months?! what will i do without my darling fiona?! ah! 
hasn't felt this unwell since new years 2006 
@daLoved1 i recognized the background.....can you believe your pic is 2 weeks old 
@BigCityDiner I'm not going to be able to make it back for at least a couple of months 
@cheetahnoir 3 months before i can get yall to come out again 
@suebrawley enjoy your alcohol for me! i won't be able to have any again for 9 months. 
@sarah_tov I need to get my bellybutton repierced   You would think that after 5 years it wouldn't close from just 4 months without a ring
@ricky_raw according to the intarwebs, guidos adopted this at least four years ago 
2 more weeks with my students. 
@veilin i miss you. D: I didn't see you for like 6 months already.  I think I forget how you look like. xD
Four years after I started following the four eyed monsters video podcast, I finished watching the last episode. Now their site is down 
 She's gone for 2 1/2 months.
@AmMarvellous 2 years at least 
@benjigreenfield its hard trying to for get  4 and and half years of memories good or bad 
@RodriguezCyn why can I get one? I had one from many many years ago but can't find it 
I m just so sad I dont even have a good reason I should been sad 9 years ago 
@Karilo13 no mijo i broke ur new years resolution  i just had to have one
@aashaikh havent been to tusjid for a couple weeks... seems like they didn't take my khateebs suggestion seriously! 
I love him so much ! I can't forget 2 years like that ! 
@nilsipilsifan well yeah, it is sad :/ but I guess after all those years he deserves his retirement 
@sofiesunshine  i dont even like the fact i dont see claire like within 2 weeks, i couldnt cope 9 months! D:
Things are lookin' quite gloomy here in my apt building. Not a good week for the place were I've kicked up my feet for 10 years now 
@rainbowhill I've had problem with it for years. With studying and moving barrels around, it's abnormally bad atm. 
all my pics from the last 4 years gone down memorylane 
one knife for 2 and a half years...and nows its gone..in an instant 
why are we fighting so often  all these years apart to finally reunite and fight? I just want to be happy!
i'll have to wait another 6 months or more? 
@stuartgibson good idea. Not sure if I have any pics, only bought it a few months ago to replace my last one 
@poppinDP you wouldn't know cause you haven't seen me in years... actually i just don't have hips 
@GavinNewsom in past 2 months i've emailed the campaign 4 times, made 3 donations, and called twice to volunteer and haven't heard back 
@DavidArchie help ive been banned from davidarchuleta.com and i dont know why. ive been banned for like three months 
Oh noes, for the first time in almost three months, I didn't do my picture blog...   (btw, weren't Ningmaster positions for three months?)
I miss him  y doesn't he want me back 1.5years gone
My husband works in the auto industry too and they are a supplier - they are starting layoffs in 2 weeks for at least 3 months  #mmwanted
5months already  learnin 2 be without after 3 years love-don`t feel like much tonight-heavy hearted miss u so-when does it get better oxox
I wish life wasn't so hard right about now. 2 weeks before my birhday and all of this is happening. it sucks 
@sjrozas I've never been there either! I'm starting to realize that I haven't done much in my almost 30 years. 
is 22 years old 
@NattyMcElls I am 29 years old.. 
@jst1986 two weeks! Yikes. They're annoyingly uncomfortable though 
Really missing my @mrbambam  tough only seeing ur other half every 2 months.
Man, C's first accident in like 2 months... 
i need you here. 5 years &lt;/3 
@Tigorasou http://www.ferarro.blogspot.com/ is a great pally website....but it seems we have been mislead a bit over the last 3 years 
@buttaflygirl03 Me too! I don't want to be unemployed again.  This was a rough 6 months!
weks ! i don't understand about twitter 
I mis my childhood years... i mis my ates n kuyas... 
@lainie yeah, residency. 6 months. 
@TigeraC i cant move 4 2 years 
Wow I don't get shit and mines in 3 weeks 
Why don't people keep promises from three years ago? It doesn't matter how long ago it was. I was counting on it. 
i miss how things were 6 months ago i really do. 
I have 2 give up the internet for 3 weeks 
whoa it's been 7 years since i've had lobster! wtf 
@kmcooley said I may have to wait weeks for an activation key 
Last weekend with the family for the next 2 months 
how come my burns last for weeks? 
@ChampagneRDub the clock is tickinnnnnn for me too  7 years to go :*(
I've started working on this silly thing again: http://twiturl.de/ffff even though it's more than 3 years old, I somehow had the urge to 
@Simply_Uleta damn i been waiting 2 take you out for 2 years know 
It's been three weeks since my last kiss. 
@tashbg0sh last weeks episode... I missed it 
@ColeMark I did, about 3 months ago 
is sad to say good bye to lauren after watching her on t.v for 5 years! hills will never be the same 
Exams comming up for me! No bike for a few weeks 
@basseyworld i totally just showed you that i'm really fourteen and not twenty-four like i keep telling you....oops. 
@perseph0nes I bought 48 hairties couple weeks back and have lost around a dozen already 
twelve years later, it still hurts. 
@KirstieMAllsopp i totally know how you feel i've had a cough for 2years and silence shops when i go in them with it 
@alanarules ooh yessiereeee. 6 years but  do you do uni?
it's been 4 months without concerts 
@kvetchingeditor could be up to another 6-9 months.... 
is still unemployed 2 months now 
@MissBecksy i don't know  i had been drinking but not that much. i haven't done a vomit in like 3 years.
How am i supposed to get over a past like that? 
@daiselle *sadface* i was in nelle's position a few weeks ago. terrible terrible terrible. 
@melody1976 I'm jealous!!  I have 4 weeks to wait 
How can my laptop's battery already be dying? I have had it for less than 2 years 
yay... my headphones died  after like 6 years of use
@lindseymalone That is so sad.     many to blame for that over the years  including government.
only 2 more months in knoxville 
ughhh i need to lose at least 15 pounds in less than 3 months  fml
@mrtweetlovesyou I am following @MrTweet been following for a few months now no invites have been available so I've been told 
Is not happy about not having a life for the next 6 weeks! 
@TheeUnderclass haha!! its done, actually, been done for a couple months, now!!! i wanna release it, but i can't yet 
@Shinybiscuit I have been trying to get photoshop for months  No interest in music.
Is sad perry had left for 4 weeks 
@jeremylarner I KNOW. They've been gone for a few months 
Is scared of the doctor. I haven't been in years. 
I can't believe it's been 8 years since i went to E3.. 
Almost two fucking months... 
I am listening to followup albums that, while not disappointing, do not capture the golden magic of certain parties years and years ago.  
Over 25 years driving, and I've just been caught for speeding 
It should be fun, but it's only disappointment &amp; annoyance. Since months 
@Jesyanne i've had them for 6 years. 
@abacab1975 I've been busy last few weeks so not tweeted with anyone much thought I'd try to work out blip but not really taking to it 
one years gone by so fast..i miss you gramps  r.i.p&lt;3
helping yuki pack for espana!!!!!!!!!  he's leaving me for a whole 2 months!!!!
10 years!!! OMG 
is being furloughed 3 days a month for 2 years 
@perpetualmobile I may have jumped the gun on that, apparently it got shut down a few months ago. 
@chocolatejedi I am upset you can feed your obsession a whole 2 months before I do. 
@leliophelia I'm sorry to hear that is really a tough decision I went through that  a few years ago 
@LoungeBish then got off the machine she might be wondering n two months why they gym isnt working 
@xoxoAbs he's 5 months already. i swear to u they grow up sooo fast 
2 more weeks? feels like i'm 2 months behind 
@MILLIONDALAGURL ahhhh what happened  it was all good 2 months ago
@dazednfazed I can't I'm under my moms account  its 143 to start and then 34 each month for 3 years so it woodnt b worth it for u since u
@stillpixels he's a cracker.....only just starting to let us pat him lol, must have been abused?  been months since we got him too!
my mobile number of five years suddenly stopped working  now i'm e-depressed.
isn't and hasn't been in a couple of months. 
i broke my new years resolution tonight. 
@girlwhoshould So do I. Not been for 5 years  I get homesick for it 
@chrispallett Ours used to do that a couple of years ago, then changed their computers and can't do it now 
@teacupcakes but but but postage  i've been deliberating for years too, but i do quite want it
Getting scared at leaving my life behind me for 3 months... 
i really really really miss @emoarty I havnt seen him for over 8 months now! 
I feel like such a bad blogger! Its been almost 2 months. 
Only 3 months left 
@miljar That's what I was thinking, but it could take another 6 months until they manage to jailbreak and unlock it. 
@f16pilotwife I hope she feels better soon, and have fun shopping! What are you shopping for?  I'm jealous--I haven't shopped in months!
@Joecleezy82 about 10 months now.  You still with the station?
@JupitaUpcycled I cant. They filed for bankruptcy and no longer exist. I waited 3 years for him to give me the ring &amp; now I cant wear it. 
@demiswissfan wooooow really?!   i live in missouri  for 3 months
tried to go to a pub quiz, only to find it hasn't run for months 
Ahh had to repierce my cartilage, it had healed up a little and I only took it out for a day after it being in for 6 months 
@saaaaaarah15 haha thankss, aint mine though, in like 7 n a half weeks isgone 
@RedDuchess I've lived 1 mile from Cottonbottom for the last 16 years and never had their garlic burgers 
I'll see them once again in band camp  Two months away.
is sad she has to wait another 2 months to see @katyperry 
I can't sleep  it's twenty to two D:
@reflector maybe in two years! 
The past couple weeks i've gained some new friendships, but i've lost some, and it kills me. 
It was a good 7 years. 
 no new svu for 3 months or so. *sniffs* I'm going to be so bored.
@johnjbarry He doesn't know what 'j' stands for - he's old and has lost his memory  That's what 3 years of marraige does ;)
projects handed in and now I have to evaluate the 2nd years microprojects... if only they'd written less pages 
@mitsougelinas 10 years too late 
@aleyrose I guess I'll ahve to keep my fingers crossed..lol.. he was here 2 years ago(right were I live)but I didn't know who he was then 
@mcvane I still get caught out writing it dd/mm/yy after living here 8 years. 
@photobiotic I returned one with the same fault 2 weeks after I bought it, but now this one is even worse. 
Wow..so I can't drink for 9 months?! 
Your faith in me brings me to tears, even after all these years . And it pains me so much to tell...that you don't know me that well. 
@marie__p I am almost afraid of how I will deal with it when my oldest decided to leave the nest...could be in as little as 5 years 
has not been on a date for 3 years now  idk why. hmmm (thinking) http://plurk.com/p/y6s1v
@jasonmoffatt I had a wisdom tooth removed a couple of months back, maybe longer, just because it hadn't come through properly! 
@helloktjunkie they used to have......they closed them a few years ago 
Could anyone give me any idea why I've had a headache for 5 months? And I'm not kidding, it really has been 5 months 
@hitchcock73 I had one of those a few years ago, and every once in a while it still rears up and gnaws at me.  So sorry...
8 years.  rip granda. (L) i miss you. xxx
@scotters yr av is as surreal as the event 20 years ago 
@LDOEBAND if i was a few months older i'd totally be there 
I'm going to miss the classroom I've taught in for the past 9 years. I'm excited about my new position, but still... 
in 4 days my son would have been 4 years old. 
at applebees for my last dinner with drew for 2 1/2 months  I don't think I'm going to handle this well.....
@DirtyLittleDiva  I applied to shoot with your company over 6 months ago, never got a response though 
is so two thousand and late 
@StayClassySon you're soo lucky! no fair, i still have 2 weeks 
@Readwritelive You're lucky! It hasn't rained here in about four months! 
@smartdogu has anyone heard from @aaselange lately?  She seemed 2 have disappeared months ago 
@666pack i wish i could. i've been getting errors when i burn cds for months now. 
Awww all this people graduating!! I remember when I graduated like 5 and a half years ago... and I cried sooooooo much those last days 
is sad, boys left for two weeks 
@emcatton tell her I'm so sorry I can't come. even tho she will surely punish me for weeks, our dm won't let us! 
Cap'n crunchberries are not real berries. All these years of fraud. 
it's been a longgggg 3 months 
10 days, only 10 days. 5 years far away from you 
Heading back to toowoomba. This years was crap compared to last years 
@omgwtfannie I know, I hate it. I have high hopes that he'll make it through the next few months because the papz are not going anywhere 
 can't believe it is nearing 7 years already.
My Shure E2g earphones seem to have expired and only 2 months outside the 2 year warranty 
@emjai I checked and it was only on for a season between 03-04 so I missed it by 6 years 
@samjhalliday I well wish I was coming to see you tonight, we've 'known' each other for almost two years and I've still not seen you  :')
@kdaly100 ouch  ... when she's back to you in 3 months saying its still not working ... 
Starting to get things situated for his trip back. How sad. These next 5/6 months won't go fast enough. Two weeks is too little time. 
Just said goodbye to @matthewsucks  three more weeks til i see him again....
@ShynJamero  hokaay . its just taking foreeever and infinity years to strooong ! goooosh !
@ComcastDete maybe!  This has been happening on and off for 8 months 
@peoplefight i were on mcfly secrets about 3 weeks ago 
@treasaint she is lovely i have my own cat called fudge she means the world to me did have 2 but one died at the young age of 7months 
@burghbaby don't be embarrassed! I've been trying to go for two years! Three different cities, multiple dates, no dice. 
It's wierd how songs between you and your exes are still sad and depressing after 5 months. 
@bigkelleh It closed a couple of years back though 
tmi tweet; i havent had a period for three months and was concerned, and i finally have it and just wish it would go away. so much pain! 
@donlemoncnn wonder why? we heard the same retoric for more than 40 years now  I saw it thou.
@spinachwrap I've been telling myself that for years, yet I still do it. I don't know how to stop. 
65 years since D-day 
@hrtofthematter no she had to order my size &amp; will have it in 2 weeks. It ran small and they had no 38 F. 
how can i make 45 000$ in 2-3 years without prostitution, drug dealing and other shit like that? 
three years ago right now i was on a plane to london 
i hate when people take a million years to text you back 
@xnoworriesx13 I rode for probably 5 or 6 years growing up and played cello for 10. I miss both! But I'm really allergic to animals 
Going to a graduation makes  me sad  idk why lol,  and it feels like  just a couple of months ago...
I met a wonderful man who is everything I have ever wanted and I am leaving in two months   *sigh*
I called my big sis but she didn't pick up :/ I hope she calls me soon, I haven't seen her for over 2 weeks. 
@justinsand It's the same lame design that they've had for two years... 
@GlobeAlone74  haaa yh  only another 4 years yaaay lol
finally back!!! Yay! 3 months with no posts. 
I've been in a total negative funk for 2 weeks now-and I don't know why 
I missed him a couple weeks ago  but saw him in my younger years. I think it was 1986
I haven't been this tired in years   We are delirious and going to bed in the next 30 minutes.
@VillaPanda He passed away 2 years ago 
@ILuvMyiPhone88 I know  when we wer in the states I got my 1g 8gig used for little over 100$  maybe when I go in 4 years ill get a new 1
wow I totally got cheated on for 2 months. . . sucks 
@veronica78 me too  i hope they stick around a few more years (yeah its greedy of me but i'm not ready for good bye)
@natealcantara oh I hate you! I have been craving that for months 
2 more weeks till my birthday?! D: what?!  I don't like getting older.
@LittleYellowJen i've never had a cast on because i had a skin graft to deal with... but 2 months untill i can work again 
@cyberfx1 I have ... but it's mean years. 
@cyberfx1 I have, ... but it's been years. 
@prolificd 6.. 3 more months.. wah ! 
Is now all alone in the flat for the next 2 months and there's no one here beside me... 
All these kl games don't come out for months  x
It just hit me....i've got only 4 months more 
@amandachoe I once found an ashtray I lost six months before. it was still full. 
@robynbrinkley I did it for 2 years.... I'm afraid to tell you, no it never gets easier 
it's like a million years since i missed you so badly 
These two weeks were to short! WAY to short 
@vindee I know   Almost five years of images need to be fixed...
About two months now 
@tealou Am getting very cranking with not falling preggs  been trying for 7 months. i used to only have to think about it and I was preg
@TwittyTommy definately!! isnt it on for 2 months or sumthin 
@ItsxCourtxBitch I've been waiting for my invite for a couple months now 
@ronimom I know but they're not licensed.  They expired a few months ago.  I'm getting them ready to go as we speak. 
@theboaters Not been on my boats in 4 and 11 months respectively so will need major waxing &amp; bottom cleaning I am sure 
@timothytiah shit. to think I'll be going back there in a few months! the flu should have subsided by then right? 
Doing expense claim for the last 2 months ..... 
This years arts festival meh 
2 months ago I was looking forward to this weekend being one of the best of my entire life, instead I am busy trying to distract myself. 
Urg, working the Ghostshift for the next 3 weeks 
I feel ten times worse then i ever have in the last few months and ive gone through some pretty harsh diseases. 
@JMarkyBB I have ^^, I found it not user friendly enough.  but it was 3 years ago, maybe things have changed.
 i beeeeen sayin when my last days were heffer!!! lol lol next time forsure when u and @nessb0o graduate in 10 years
@MupNorth why just in a few months?  Lol
It just hit me that I still haven't gotten over the fact, all though its been 3-4 weeks, that he's gone. 
there goes my 4 months uptime 
Is it wrong to be this deveststed about margaret not coming on next years apprentice? 
@kerrygreyhounds : fosterer v. worried, he's v. wobbly, seems to have had a stroke. Not been fed properly for years by look of it. 
@Lashe1107 i havent seen you in 7 years 
sitting thinking of prom is was so amazing, can't believe this years over its so sad 
11 hours till i lose my home of 26 years 
@kmx9000 haha, i had to really train myself not to do it been letting them grow for the last 2-3years but i was just nibbling 
tell me why after ten years of violin me and mickie still can't play. 
@josielovesmcr ouch my friend of like 6 years went der like 2 years ago 
Reflecting about the last 3 years and crying.  moving really sucks. 8 years since I moved here first. So much has changed.
watching the wonder years while parker is snoring away! 
I miss going to shows  its been 6 months already
@TwoBitTerror dude the last surviving passenger from the titantic died a few weeks ago 
@mrrocknroll I want to be here for like 2 months, but I need $$$$$. 
@uhohmonbon I have 8 weeks of being swollen and eating soft foods  we both have sucky summers
I'm bummed. I haven't been able to read my who what wear or wwd emails in like 2 months! 
@AndrePaular that's awesome. I would donate but I haven't been working for 2 months  but I'm excited for you
@1capplegate i miss europe,its over 2 years since my last visit there.. 
@darrenhayes I've never seen it  ~it's a sad. But I will see it definately, I love his albums of the past years, it's all gold.
My weight is now the same as it was 2.5 years ago. This is not good. 
@KateEdwards Ours is worse most months... 
#iremember my highschool years  where i get to see my friends 5 days a week. (even though it was about 6 months ago) feels like ages!
nooo, eight more days and horror will be with me, for two years! 
bumped into some years ago 
thinks that this years grade 9 batch is boring 
@espiritoart Something like 32 years to go if I retire at 65!! 
girlies, i really wonder what I missed out on those two years...... 
My left shoe is breaking apart. These were poorly made  they made them better in 2005 - lasted 3 years - these are crap after 4 months
Only 2 more weeks of coop... how sad... 
Me teeth hurt like I just whittened them a thousand times 
@ttam only 3 months?   were you working or backpacking or a bit of both?
@villykassiou thx but not so sure being looking for 2 months now  no even paid course at mo 
no no no no no no  this is not happening i thought we had 3 months....
@omh The issue is 5 years old 
@mirthful33 oh definitely, but i bought it months ago 
it was nice and sunny a second ago and now it chucking it down 
it took 11 months but a little piece of my mac chipped off... 
Scanning in some of this quarters work. Not looking forward to spotting it tho. 
I was wondering where korsi is? I miss her so much! I don't have her number and I was not in touch w/ her for a months! 
haven't seen him for a few years though 
 #twenty20
Not good  #twenty20
@CdnGal_ps no I wish once every five to ten years 
@littlelumen That's 6 months before my iPhone is eligible.  I might as well wait for the following generation. 
@cenrak I have lived here for 4 years, this was my first visit there and it was horrible   hope you found somewhere good...
so sad for @taylor_juwig  he does not deserve 10 months of jail
I just saw my x  after 2 years it still hurts
@xerulean Dex has been cruising since 8 months he won't let go 
I think that possibly, maybe i've fallen for you. Even though i wont be able to see you for 3 fucking months. 
@lehmo23 That shits me!!! I'm 13 and been trying for 8 months!! Just jokes...32 and trying for 8 months 
@angelablanchard in 4 years...lol 
@nerdist  They said the same thing to me and also I need to add two more years to my contract!!! 
I haven't worn my retainers in like three weeks and they barely fit now. 
@bizziefan probably I've been watching for about 10 years... it figures they would pull something like this 
@katekatekaate i miss you too!  we should do something soon!! &amp; wow its not that long til you're 18!! Only a few months! :] sweeeet!
@pkmntrainer I know how you feel, I have been missing  3 shirts for 2 years 
@TriaKayli did I holler right? lol. I was denied from eharmony years ago. 
missing someone special  this is going to be a long 3 months
4 months pregnant...had my wisdom teeth pulled...not the best last few weeks for me 
@Rockjaw I used to collect  got rid of them all years ago though
been 2-3 months that sucks 
16 in 20 minutes.... but car in 5 months 
dude. I want to smoke so freaking bad.  When will this go away? It's been 2.5 months 
goodbye disneyland  c u in a bajillion years!!
just finished packing  good byee ameriicaa lol see you in a few weeks
is 22 years old! Wow. I feel old  LOL
@sallyorourke Hopefully, I'm not even walking a mile right now....almost 3 months since it started hurting 
@rshanableh mabrook ya gumar I have been trying to lose 2 pounds for the past 4 months 
something is seriously wrong with me. *sigh* I can't even get a date 3 years younger than me. 
I don't ever know how it will feel not having shannon here for two months 
@AskAJAnything diets suck sometimes.. but I am on one for 3 weeks now.. can't see improvement 
when r mcfly coming back 2 australia? very sad that its been bout 4 months since i saw them in melb 
@sawcello's last live song before going on hiatus for 6 months while drummer goes to basic training  http://short.to/fw6x
@officialTila - why will you be in heaven in 2 years 
the fish tank was my night light (b/c, at 23 years of age, i am still afraid of the dark) and they got rid of it. 
@notahorse I think I finished at about ten past four 
I've already lost two of my first years  oh no x
@LittleYellowJen but but you are still a newbie....what if you ruin all your brain cells within the first few months of being an adult? 
@linseyfryatt Can you help me get my headphones from your subs dept, i know its not you fault, but i've been waiting months and months 
@T4ni4 i know! haha its made me really wana go to vegas now, have to wait another 4 years 
3 weeks to go!!! Then back to the hole!! 
also got my letter from the dvla saying i cant drive for 6 months great 
@zaren well finally, jeez, ppl have only been screaming about it for 15-20 years or so.  Slowly all mine are getting changed to white.
@OfficialAS she'd be lke &quot;you just got a phooone&quot; haha and I'm not downloading it eitehr... unless i can't get it for months 
@FiretrapOnline I hate you  everything I've bought over the last 2 months is now on sale!
@jasonpdoyle lame  I saw a few on e-bay pretty reasonable. I'll just have to wait 1 year 6months. 
@WoolyMittens i know, right? feed and care for an animal from infancy for five years and this is what you get 
@sheriffCartman You're only allowed in them if you're 15 years old. 
@chantillynative almost 4 years 
@jasenwoodworth No, I'm not. It's not like I imagined. Only 2 more months to go. 
When your brain has been on hiatus for several years, it tends to get a little rusty... And typing a resume' isn't so much fun at all... 
@Saaamm  I've not had a nosebleed for years, unlucky 
woah, the past four years have gone by in a flash...i really miss it 
@DAEONE i was 3 years old when pac died..so i dont remember.. 
@pinkglo1 No but this guy did that to me for bout 8 years. I finally walked up 2 him3 years ago N the club &lt;heaintwentnowheresince&gt; 
Last hour with lyss for 2 months 
.. more uncomfortable, but it was just me, he was fine.. I've been going out with him for more than 2 months! I shouldn't feel like this! 
and then months after that til it actually comes out 
@xCMM nor cant i , its 4 months away, that too long 
Just got my first ball in 19 years and got yelled at to give it to a little kid 
@MoocherGirl I'm not usually like this, it's just been about 5 months since I got any 
@MissDiddy 7 days sis.. 7 dayss!!!!!!! its been 3 years... 
is preparing to be deployed to iran in the next few years...i hate sand 
@jsm00v tanning is horrible. it takes years to get it off! 
I miss my honey.  Two more months till I see him...
is still bummed about losing his Cloama tape... 2 years later 
@jovlind well, I techincally need to wait another 8 months but I'm buying out of my verizon contract.  
@MikaMousee i used to do comeptitive cheer for 8 years i just quit 
@hannahdrums thank you but its hard not to let it get to you when two years and so many memories and feeling are down the drain 
@callmedev I'd love to do that, but just got the 3G a few months ago 
So, before my biopsy we have to take our cat who is like 20 yrs old to be put down. He was my moms cat until she died 7 years ago. 
I havnt played WoW in 4 months  moving is such a bitch
leaving lbc in 2 months 
@Stunnaman510 marcus I doubt megan fox will be that good in 2 years...she might get some more roles but definitely won't be on that level 
@vanessaj0yce LOL even so. I hate that they're two years ahead of me and they all look so different-- more mature 
I haven't posted in 3 months!!! I'm slacking 
Realized that she has been avoiding the scale for the last 3 months! That could only mean 1 thing! I got fat 
it's hard to believe it was 8 months ago  http://bit.ly/zMqBd @Jonasbrothers @aashleyyyy @raymsterr21
woke up from my first nightmare in months 
@zalyazid sandwich! i miss rice.  haven't had rice in two weeks! another two weeks to go~
threeee months  &lt;3
@otter11 I'm about 3 to 4 months behind myself. 
I want the new iphone 3G s .. shame i have 3 months left on 3 contract 
Yikes! UK unemployment statistics at their highest in 12 years. That's rather worrying 
my bf finished me after 10 months what do i do now?? 
Awkwardness is SO annoying... After nearly 5-years, you still have the ability to make me feel 2-inches tall! I GIVE UP 
And because it seems that the size I actually should be is really popular, they're sold out in everything for months. 
@amycstewart the thing that sucks though, he is georgous and I've liked him for years. he remembers who I WAS, not who I am now 
doesn't know which breed tortoise to get! But I can't get them for another 2 months! 
@shrop if it's any consolation, I had two hard drives die in two months on my mbp's 
@Farrahri ah. I tweetd to myself. -.- my holiday sucks.  i have 1.5 years of concepts to remember for my mid years in a week. I'm dying.
@calebkdesign i couldn't actually go through with it  my boss asked me to stay and i'm moving in two months so i'll just deal til then =\
i need to be 24 now just to get financial aid. 4 more years 
My past has come back to haunt me. 
won't be doing this months daring cooks challenge... 
3 months and now your ending it ? it dont make sence, u no how  i feel  x
i think i have tonsillitus... i have it like every 3 months it sucks 
@MrBenRubery The puppies arent ready for three weeks  i cried so much lol but never fear weve found some more (:
@bradflora I've been in love with them for years. Have yet to see them 
@josemurdoch nooooo  you finish eight thirty?
@OmnitureCare There is one,opened 2 months ago... 
Awwh hes gone 4 2 weeks 
@Visedar but mms won't work for a couple months 
Ten-thirty is soo far away. 
@TwinStyle What happened??  You had it for years?
so i hate my life and just realized i totally confused the weeks of june and now i realize i have 2 weeks left of sum school 
I'd live in 60-90 years 
@sloney  haha. i think i got rid of a ton of mine before i moved a few years ago  unless some of it is in storage. I should go look for it
2 nights then 2 months 
@Erocc nooo  but I've seen nastradamas on nat geo!  I have 3 more years of exsistence
@myloveshine I really really don't think I could last 'a few months'  sucks. but i gots to leave or im going to end up harming myself haha
@reedsinjapan same here, well 1.2 years... still sad, i miss shooting videos 
#on somerealshit i haven't had sex in three months. 
@nickjonas Wow you graduated?!? That's awesome! I still have 2 more years.. 
My oldest is going to be 5 years old in less than a week!!  They grow up so fast!!
i love talking about sex i havent gotten any in like 2 months 
@IdahoDomestic ...him for nearly 4 years now. I know he's got it in him. I just don't know if he wants to stick around... 
I miss the nine period free months... 
@eyelidwindows three years?! I don't think I could go without a beach for 4 months 
@meggytron I do that too. And it's been almost four years. 
@ibz its been like this in m'sia for the past couple of weeks, probably due to forest fires, 
@mrbeaks i am never revealing what i saw  . will come out in therapy years from now.
no internet for 2 weeks! so tragic 
@jemariie its complicated we havent talked in years but wen he sent me a comment i responded yet he hasnt replied 
I can't believe I'm at the airport getting ready to leave the past ten months behind me. 
About to head to petsmart to get another parakeet so mine wont be alone. Although it has for the past 5 years. I feel sad for it 
doesn't comprehended how she has accumulated SO much stuff in two years. I hate moving. 
@trixie360 So many of them require years of experience. I have months. 
@aninpradithia me too. I want my last 5years 
@amberbridges i know i'm not fat... but i gained like 13lbs in 3 months.   and ouch, that sounds horrible!
@tennisqueen13 no, it didn't!!! I think it said it could take up to 8 months when I signed up though! 
sigh, 2 days ago feels like a million years ago 
@lauraajanee :O you're turning 18 soon  I have to wait another 6months 
has been a college grad for two years and two days 
@pipstweet really want to watch princess protection program ((  i fear i was born 10 years too late 
@hanwedge no  I was like 8 years old when I had it!
@mary_e_mcmillan I wish I had your dedication to working out  I haven't worked out in months I can't ever make myself get up!!
3 weeks au francais....uhhhhh 
@SylFabulous oh my... it's only been 4 days for me so far and I can barely take it. I can't live like this for some months. 
It feels like I haven't talked to brandon in like 9382402194214 years  
@jamesjefferies It'll never be like that again  Lets hope this years race is as eventful as last years tho!
finished carpe corpus. now i only have to wait 5 more months for the next one to come out. 
cant do acrobatics like she used to ... 3 months ago 
Now living hereis going to suck for the next few months. 
getting the braces off!!!! 2yrs 5 months!!!  no head gear 
@ataraxi I'm sorry, but they've been saying that for the last 60-80 years. I don't think you'll witness any chaos 
@logieo i was hoping the food court had finally reopened, but i'm a few months early.  
i am getting 28.6% of my allowance taken away for the next 3 months 
@ddlovato i have to wait another two years for prom  lol
Things look like years 
@wigenout At least another 10 years. 
@DTGeorge i haven't gone for a couple years now 
@OnceAgainCarter yea I wanted that I seen it like months ago I jus kept forgettin about it 
Getting nervous about the upcoming months 
aweeee, 42 little kids died  (2-4 years old)
Its been 2 years since youve been gone. I love and miss you so much jessie 
This years lollapalooza is making me want to go 
i hate NOT having internet for several weeks 
Ugh..pleghm and more plehgm. I think I've excreted gallons of it in the past few weeks. I need a nebulizer... 
I'm not getting one, stll have 4+ months remaining on contract  but might jailbreak and swap to a different carrier then. #o2fail
company banking can be scary when you haven't done it for weeks 
@d2zone alamak ive been using opera for over 5 months already  Thanks anyway.
@Hicksdesign past the 12 month point in a business contract with O2? or are you being bold and splashing cash? I've got to wait 5 months 
it's been 3 weeks since i came back from the states? feels like it's been months  i miss everyone lots...
I have to stop baking for 2 months so I can discard all these effing pounds! I gained 10! 
@joleeen my wife had the same problem for ten years - until i realised that 'headache' was her term of endearment for me 
i am so hungry &amp; i miss @daniellebabeyy havnt seen her in over 3 months 
Just been cuddling the most adorable 8 weeks old staff puppies...  if only I could afford one 
I think i just got another #BaliBelly.. gee..its been 7 years and finally i had twice, two days ago and today. I don't want it anymore 
I just want to know  I really really hope it is good, it would make my decade
@cenrak it will take years to explain that to the driver :p ,, i end up eating burgerking !! how sad 
I was in such a good mood during my 2 weeks away from work (1st 2 weeks off in 3 years). Now I'm back &amp; miserable again  *bangs head*
@epiphanygirl  If I had only waited four months. When I got the 3G, they didn't tell me the new one was coming out in four months.
sidekick... its been a great 3 years 
@JamieDScott because of losing your best player? :o A whole 4-5years gone  Who you off to manage now?
@pinkrebunny just for another 2 weeks, i'll miss the food here 
@hauwei i did  majorly sad!i haven't seen them in years!...and i was going to celebrate with them too  sob!
@aamwilliams no I still have 6 months on 3G contract left 
been iPodless for three looong months ;~; muuuuuusic i want my muuuusic 
@gconole ryanair just added that charge in last few weeks, we all need to be wary 
@momfluential Why does it feel that I haven't seen you in 10 years!! 
can't believe she's missed like a whole months worth of so you think you can dance 
My name is Butterflyshoes and it has been 4.5 months since my last cigarette. I wish they weren't so unhealthy 
@DDRaines I could possibly sing every song at the crack, i worked there for 3 years. i miss it 
@cassowaryjewel let me clarify, i bought one but had to make 5 returns so hopefully this one will work longer than 2 months! 
2 months until vichy and ruby leave.  3 months for me. im gonna be alone for one month in hollister.
@immasuperstar yea it's been for at least 6 weeks now 
@laura_dolcepics thank you. she was almost 3 years old... 
@Sweena i bust my left arm a few months back, not been able to do proper weights for about 2 months now 
@bimblelass we've needed him to go for decades! If only he's kept his promise in 2004 when he said he was retiring 
@AustinBloggy EXACTLY. i hate from 18-20 you have these two years of being, like, pseudo-adult. 
in 5 days it'll be 2 years since mcr's concert  &lt;3
My babies are going to be gone for 2 weeks  
I really need to go do laundry...but it's hot outside.  And I need quarters.
@blondepinky3 I wish I was heading to the U.S for a few months 
well, after 3 years.....i'm saying goodbye to myspace. i've deleted my account 
@davidrwilson I will make sure you get one, might not be for a couple months though 
Officially a slave for the next 3 weeks!  boo
Graduation  Two more years.
@laurieflood its been raining for 10 years here 
@Stevenasty @mustbethebabyy oh i cant go to girls night either  , 21 in 6 more months! i gotchu in 6 months! lol
@theevilgumby i went a few months ago and would have been picked, but the session went to 5 pm and I had to be out by 4:30 the latest. 
i am in such a horrible mood. i wouldnt mind going in a coma for a few years..    &amp;im done being played.
@traciclapper. i've said that like 19310 times in the past 2 months. im sorry girl 
Ah, I can't stand this stupid thing.  I hope it's not there anymore in 2months
@DanHaneveer I got my second rate increase notice in a matter of 6 months.  
@oriondc damn! mines still three and half months away! 
so sorry for the ten-million-years-late-reply 
it's seven thirty and I'm going to bed 
3 months before my departure 
In 7 months i'll be 31.  How depressing is that?  
@lucaconnor lol no he isnt! hes out in the falklands with the army for 6 months  x
@Dansjovigirl they will - this goldfish was about 5 years old 
Really want my new laptop to be here, but still have 2 weeks left 
http://twitpic.com/7w6a1 - I have braces again, see  But it's only for 6 months \m/
how cud i ?? i feel upset still, its been days, weeks, maybe months your not one in amillion, ur once in a lifetime 
@brightlights72 blowing fire... After 8 years of doing so it went wrong. 
i woke up 1 hour ago.. and i'm feeling sad 
Its been 2 years since maranda died. I still miss her 
@hannarnia and its no nuffin 4 2 months 
@andiemilk I'm pushing four years, bb. 
still another 2 weeks til I get my ps3 
must-read : compare last 206 years to last 12 months spending  http://bit.ly/2009-bailout-cost
I can't wait another TWO months!!! 
@storagebod I'm sick to death of simple reorgs taking months and having to be approved by a works-council in a very bias position 
I understand completely!  I've had over 30 in the last 6 years. 
Two years  god i can't wait *histexasangel*
I haven't been this bored in years 
At my 4th funeral in the last eight months. 
Really wishing I had my guitar here  couple more weeks!
@LondonDiva Yiikes did you think so? I've not found him funny in years 
@Cherye101 A few years ago but its her bday so I got upset 
i'm going to be homeless for several months! 
um...not really. They've been gone for 2 months. 
finally figured out what my password was, haven't been here for months 
I started thinking about my past again.. 
In the 30+ years I have been doing this, I have never gotten any better at rejection. 
@sunreon I am going to cry forever when they cut it down. I thought we had months left to prepare and be ready to basically move first. 
Packing up 5 years of memories....bittersweet to say the least 
And smoked 3 cigarettes in a row before smoking a joint. Due in 5weeks 
wow. worst headache in months. someone make it stop. 
i'm a nerd..but i hope jon and kate stay together! i've loved that show since it started years ago,  it's so sad 
@ExocetAU seven years is too an age big difference? i'm crushed 
UGH!!!!! I hate thinking about what I am going to be doing in a couple years! It gets be down 
@AshleyCauthen season 6 is still like 6 months away 
@MamaCapps No, I have not been back to the doctor for four years. I became afraid of them after I had several bad reactions. 
@KerwinStewart You should be eligible for the upgrade price. I have to wait a couple months 
@Eggface mine was 54. i was 5 months preg and it was my anniversary. 
leaving boston   ...i'll be back in 2 1/2 months to stay!!!
@winecountrydog I want to adopt a kitten! unfortunately i have to wait six months until our construction is done 
@warped09 I'm so fucking stoked! But I still have to wait like 2 months! 
@prolificd I haven't read for like a decade 
@ayeecarl most likely not . we're 12 years apart haha . &amp;we're most likely moving when i graduate . so yeah 
Misses granpa  I just had 3 years with you.
i miss @meganvogt.  i can't believe we've already known eachother for seven years.
@fearandglory think it has tons to do with being idle.  Not working for 2 weeks doesn't help either I'm sure 
8 weeks before i leave, and the crying has already started 
I watched a movie called the baster from carliona it's was sad  it remined me alot of my past made me remeber things I have spent years
lost all my photos from the past 6 years 
@PaulKetley about 6 months ago, just spoke to him now, i really miss him! i feel parentless almost 
8 ad a half weeks!!!!! still o early 
@ameliefarmer nope, my exams are finished  we just have to start next years syllabus for 4 weeks 
it's been 2 months since lifou! whoa! it doesn't even feel like we ever went there 
http://twitpic.com/802za - how am i supposed to live without them for the next 2 months.  or at least 3 weeks..
haven't done it in a couple of years!! 
@NickyNavie I've been trying for 4 months!!! Still nothing 
@kmoore238 lol not right now... but later if i dont finish assignments... sadly... yes  but they said i'd be confused for 3 months...
just realized i don't have any financial for the last two years ..... 
@MarieC09 thank you hun - july 1 will be 19 years for my mum - 
@AnansiER I'm 30 years old. If I haven't found it by now, I think it's just about too late. 
@elperrogrande no! It just reopened a few months ago 
I'm 19.47 years old. 
@JubeIGN 13 years old? I'm feeling old 
@bwishan I know the feeling...all my bffs have moved away within the past 2 years 
@kessiewashere 7 days seems like 7 years right now 
@samilives4music girl years 
Not running for two weeks makes 4 miles seem like death. 
Wondering how many things that have been going on for 10 years will have to end this year 
@MomDot congrats! I joined one months ago and have only been...  twice?  I can't get motivated to keep going.   #trackle #candystand
wow midterms are brutal. only 5 more years of them 
katie price has so got this one wrong... silly girl.. famous in 2 years o u betchya! for not for the reasons she thinks 
should I go to apple to ask them to change my iphone? i bought a replacement 3g 2 weeks before the new one came out  what should I doooo?
Thanks @ColRunner you are right... more than a couple months was what I was afraid to hear 
it hasn't rained in weeks, and looks like it won't anytime soon. 
7 years later... here we all are 
my os 9 mac laptop just died! so sad- so many good times. so many great programs for my 3 year old - 10 years of effective service 
@ericpnyc I have not eaten pizza in like two months 
@taylorswift13 I dreamed about you for 8 years before i even knew you... I dreamed about you for 8 years..... I've missed you for 8 years 
they didn't pick me...now i have to wait 12 more months til i can try to be in a jury fml 
Figgi left and hour ago and now im bored.... 
@queenofblending I would give anything for a healthy pregnancy me ad hubby lost our first this month trying again in a couple months 
@MiszMaYaYaYa2U me either myspace used to be poppin but nowadays it's so dead  I guess twitter will be like that in a few years
goodbye shorts  its been a good 5 years
Suddenly reminisced my favorite days with my best friends -- 2 years ago  I miss them so much.
@shuklanishant why did this not happen some years back 
I want to see Transformers 2 badly! I'm so disappointed that I won't get to go for up to 2 weeks 
@mrs_wallace really is doing my head in, haven't suffered this badly in years 
got retainers on now  another 6 months of having a lisp. i thought those days were behind me, back in 2006.
@AngelicWhite Ah yes good reason not to go then  but yay for moving there for 6 months!
@BFHeroes I still can't login, been trying for almost two weeks! Just shows the loginbox even if I type wrong password 
8 months since i last played! happy anniversary 
@CrystalSparkles with optus, if you have more than 12 months remaining then it's $960 or something automatically 
@SpeaksBeliefs months? I only have 3. 
@bitchville Lol I hope it stays freezing! I slept in my undies for like three months, it's not fun 
this is horrible ive been planing a trip for months and now its just all fucked up 
We have been on waitlist since my son was 18 months - waited 3 years already and have only moved 100 spots on waitlist! We are 109 now 
@nikkipete1 yeh  also got my braces off 8 or 10 years ago and now i have to go through invisalign!
@Stuartcfoster months later, nothing happened. :\ 
packinng to go home   ill be living here in 3 years though!! ;)
@tweetie my at replies have been messed up for weeks 
The first years are gone 
@ontheoverpass boo  i see you like once every 7 months now, bullshit!
@Ecgric It is sad... she battled colon cancer for 2+ years 
i'm sorry for farrah fawcett ,she dies at 62 years 
@MadisonMitchell god i wish i had your drive/determination. i've been telling myself for months i'd start working out but i havent 
@asurana you're welcome, I haven't used aptana in &gt;6 months, let me know if you like it. 
@mcawilliams I saw them live a few years ago, surprised at how calm they looked on stage. 
is so anxious for thursday! I can't wait to see mike its been 3 and a half months! 
after smoking for 16 years , i have now not had a smoke for 4 weeks and 1 day  woooohooooo happy days
@geo7 it wont be miserable for at least 2 weeks tho 
@Teucher A few more months indeed 
@JanSimpson correction were all screwed for 2 years 
@qualityfrog Thanks! It's been about 23 months to get rid of that weight. 
@inSocialMedia lol... and to think a couple years ago I hadn't heard of either.. but now, they're essential! What's next? 
@mrskutcher http://twitpic.com/2yckl - i think you're both very lucky to have found each other   all the best for many years to come
@bparker727 considering i've been trying to figure out how to stay upright for about 10 years, it's nothing! 
celebrating 3 years with brando with some massages shopping and dining  yay!
@nakedboy I figured out how to avoid hangovers... I havent had one since like... new years '08 
@Pmelks happy birthday sistahhhh. 4 more years and we can go out togetha and it'll be awesome  i love youuu.
heading out and about. 4 months ahead and I'm already bored. 
I haven't had a drink in 2 years 
watching jeydons video! -100 years its awsome!! 
@moonfrye awesome! the 80's were the decade 
I met him years ago  haha
@cecilialee it's my first in three months  i'm so happy
@angelsmg321 2 years until I finish undergrad.  I'm a sophomore now!
Nearly nine-years since I turned 18 and I still get carded  I've got a weeks worth of stubble too. #fb
@purplestocking is it good? I picked up a copy a few months back but haven't got round to reading it 
@Lilylauren you weren't following me before? And here I was thinking you were listening all these months! 
only 3,5 months left!!! 
@pseud0random so you've been there for 6 years? wow!  hehe
I just remembered  its 420! Bahahahaha you know what that means  too bad i quit that tradition years ago. Lol knight all!
@trinta I switched powerpoint to keynote few years ago and making presentations got much easier 
@fishlamp dude, 3 weeks and I have 5 o'clock shadow 
@backstreetboys Defintweetly!! ....16 more fabulous years hehe 
I bought it, I bought it! I haven't had a bike of my own since I was 10 years old! 
Two months until jb 
@caldjr I will be married for 12 years when I am that old 
@bgdtcoaching it's all been about change the last few years, am lucky in that respect as it means I'm not scared by it 
@DCMABNIKKI lol.  I didnt steal yours. I've had it for at least 4 months now. :o
@briege88 I wish!  I visited london a couple years ago and it was completely amazing.
Finally updating after nine months 
@miniscoop suuuuuuuuuuus! 2 more years. 
@blissapp I phoned up and checked. The rate I'm getting for 5 months is too close to my old annual rate, but it's all confirmed now 
@lemonofpink its been going on for 2 years already 
@simonmhickson No worries  Are you guys still performing? I seem to remember you had a tour a few years ago, didn't you?
About to record 6 Months for Natalieeee 
@skribe I used to play Furrymuck years ago, was like secondlife with no graphics 
@fleurdeleigh woahhh..(lol) I think you mean 5 thousand.... 
Thinking of a new ponzi scam, who wants to invest $5 and I'll give you $30 in two weeks? 
@nonomama hahh NO just singing. im not a lesssbeehon  is your # the same? i miss you im done in a week. we need a years catching up to do.
watching the best years on the n.com 
@SamwellCox only 2 and a half months to go mate 
@akomuzikera almost 2 months  -- im very charming... what can i do??... 
finally got what i wanted after all these months.  so happy 
@nisaho ..and she'll write him a letter telling him not to cross the road, and wait for 2 years for her. and he will. and they'll meet. 
Walking 20 miles today.  Seems like a good idea since i have 5 months to get UNFAT!  Yayy 5 months 
GRADUATING! It's been a great 4 years 
@dpakm - i have been conducting the same experiment on 5 hours which has now been going on for almost 2 years. 
@persimmonsgal You are so screwed! LOL  I have been doing for (gulp) TWENTY years now! Completely addictive 
Sheesh I haven't wore makeup for about 6 months now. &amp; I'm really liken the Naturaaaaal 
 can't stop smiling after talking to him all day...  ...Why couldn't I have met him months ago?!?
@itshazel wow five years? Congrats 
@chathuraw get that fixed, after few years it can worth some thing 
Pretty happy with how things have changed over the past 2 months...definitely for the best 
http://twitpic.com/4jcjj - Boagsie actually is still this small lol - him at 4 years old 
@ruimoura it took me months to understand your avatar 
@parkpr 36 years young.... 
3 years in 2 months!! hooorah! can't wait! 
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee. 
@davemark welcome to the last two years for Flyers fans 
76 long and painful miles today.  knees ache.  approaching 50 years is rough. not accepting it well.  3 glasses of draft helped.  
after 11 months....back to twitter again 
@bsweichsel That was like eight years ago. Not so sure it would happen now 
I woulda never believed that five years later I'd be a female engineer myself making tracks 
@iamjonathancook how old is jonathan jr? I've got four cockatiels, they're two years now 
@purple_cath a couple of years  I knew you had one but I couldn't find you for awhile..here you are!
@missxlellabelle mon ami since 5 years young  I loveeee her. Foreverrr
@MedicQT geez, 15 years? You'd think they would have had that checked out years ago! 
It turns out I'm really, like, sixty years old, guys. You were right!!!!!  I'm off to seek my future a little later than planned!
@mr_trick It's all good  The next 6 months are going to be awesome.
@SamStreet69 couple of years 
@msmalee Comes with the territory, from what I understand.  I think it will go away in about 18 years.... 
 working on my decades project
@digidivaish yep!  I did it last fall, but not 3 months straight   it is fun!  will be better now that I had my surgery so I'm excited
@neridah ooh, I did that 8 years ago. What a blast when you get over though 
@yourdreammaker lol it only took you three months! ha That's ok, I won't hold it against you  I'm well ... you?
5 years and 2 days 
what a difference 18 months make 
Adding upcoming gigs to my ongoing drunken itinerary for the next few months. If you have any requests.. feel free to spam them? 
@violetbakes Hven't been up there for years and years... if the weather holds off I'll be up there later with my little camera 
I'm just about to go to the gym  for the first time in what must be at least 13 years.. here goes 2st over the next few weeks 
@davidgallant I'll be at next months! I'll leave early to get there 
@emjaystar loved that song -20 years ago lol the 80s will never die   or was that early 90s?
7 weeeks till holidayss 
Hey ...  Don't have any bamboo yet, but I might get some in the next couple of weeks...  I can find out for you and let you know...  
@Xiane I just hope I'm blessed with many years of visits as they grow up 
@McFrezco LOLL I gotchuu. and thankss  even thoe he left for like a katrillion years
@chiphanna so that's like what... 2 months away 
@franchize823 29 years yunggg lOL 
blah...my hoover floormate just died...it lived a good 3 years 
I like reeling in the years......it's a good programme!! 
@frankannie I've been sober twenty plus years and I still miss qualudes 
Congrats to the new graduates!  I'll be joining you all in a few months! 
@ChickenStudios 2 years of it.  Actually more.
yay 7 years living in canada!! 
@kellypea we had one several weeks ago  blamed the dishwasher 
@chinni2487 who'd have imagined that... 2-3 months before 
Plurked this months ago, but the heat calls for it.  http://imgur.com/huvpt.jpg http://plurk.com/p/uhgo7
@darwinshome the gap is a healthy 17 years 
i jus got the best news ever and its wat ive been waiting for for 4 years. makes me actually anticipate the future to come. sooo happy 
tired, but off to work, it's so nice to have some structure back in my weeks! 
@MaryanneOliver i lived there 10 years ago (and I'm still homesick for it) so wasn't sure.    and what?  
Proofing annual reports is fun ... you find out whether the company you work is where you'd want to be 5 years from now 
@facit Not as good as the neighbour we had about 5 years back 
it is now my birthday, I am 21 years old 
@MileyCSupporter 15.5  hehh. just 3 months younger than @MileyCyrus 
@FlissTee 5 years... but we have a break at 12 months so... seriously thinking on doing it. 
@aussiemcflyfan aww really? maybe in a few years he will change?  then you can be with him!
@zekeshocks haha actually is just 3 months, but it's a good store and all the ppl are very young too 
@jonathan_weiss Haha, 4 years... 4 weeks would be enough to loos a good fitness. 
3 months-5 pounds a week=70 pounds less than I weigh right now.  sounds good, huh?
@mwproductions Dude, you were just one yourself a few years ago, chill 
happy two months 
@bbcott i miss you too.  ill be back in a couple months. 
loves this weeks updates!!!  http://plurk.com/p/vevvp
@ankita_gaba in 4 million years...  
@mscott45  I wont know officially foe another few years now, so yay! 
livejournal.com - 10 years! yeaaay! 
@pfig well, yeah, must be the dozen or so years we've swapped barbs - love-hate relationships are that way 
@jasmin626  can't take the credit, you can live without your sister for years, you can't live for 2 weeks without carbs. 
@gigapixels Me too  I think I've listened to at least 3 songs each day for the past two years.
I am going to make some hair accessories,I make some of my really old designs  Last time I made them when I was 18-20 years old 
i love these months..the weathers warming up people seme more cheerful and the skirts get very short 
no more german....EVER!!! after 5 years of torture...never again! 
10 years 
@jordanknight I will be there again...loved this years 
http://twitpic.com/5osmx my lovely daughter  would u believe she had her cleft lip repaired two months ago?
@tiggerlin78 she may still be terrlibe, but after 9 months it'll be the terrible 3's 
@denisenorthern TOTALLY hear you - and my little guy is almost 18 months!!!  It goes INSANELY fast! 
Departure is getting so close that I can now countdown in days (21) or weeks (3).  After waiting three years it is almost here.  
@katriord  x's a thousand
@ashworthedu there have a lot of changes in the past year. It has only been weeks for me 
worth 18 years for him huh  lol, still adorable! ;D
7 weeks til bub's due date, 4 weeks til full term 
@flablan lost 15 pounds in 3 months! That's amazing! Congrats! 
@combustiblesong he is alive, he's 35 years old 
i finally finished that essay ive been putting off for three weeks. 
about to (finally) graduate in a couple of weeks. thinking of career paths 
I can't wait til that cd comes out after hearing clips of the songs &amp; loving them!! Junes 16th, come faster please?    
@rrg98 definitely.  Much less mentally stressful, but take up mor time.  But summe'rs coming and I'll ahve 2 months off. 
@DreamingBird keep up man ive already had it for 2 months 
@christian_82 is it still historic since it was re-built in the past couple years? 
@miss_twist good also  where ru working these days? I expected that I might bump into you at some stage before now.. it's been years!
@Listersmate yes it is.. although I sold that specific company a few years ago 
@tantemand cool!! I do like to think I'm fun  And no I'm not on there. I should re-join. I used to be years ago
@jazlovesboo if the app goes through I'll only be gone a couple of months! 
How old is the woman... If she's older than twelve years older no... But other than that you're good 
5 years!! good on us!!  love u alex!
@Amandagelso less than forty eight hours until we get to see chiodos and the silent years.  i
is very thankful for the 3 years 
