Most common words for this cluster:
[('yesterday', 1004), ('today', 54), ('u', 28), ('morning', 26), ('lol', 23), ('com', 21), ('amp', 21), ('http', 20), ('day', 18), ('sorry', 13), ('haha', 13), ('night', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'yesterday', 0.9540246725082397), (u'Yesterday', 0.7176275849342346), (u'Monday', 0.6794876456260681), (u'Wednesday', 0.6684751510620117), (u'Thursday', 0.6623148322105408), (u'Tuesday', 0.6543611288070679), (u'Friday', 0.6481584310531616), (u'yesteday', 0.6295741200447083), (u'today', 0.6246610283851624), (u'morning', 0.6230949759483337)]





@DAChesterFrench I emailed you yesterday and u never responded 
has a cold from playing outside yesterday 
Longing for yesterday 
y isnt it as sunny as yesterday 
@islandiva147 I sent u a tweet yesterday but I don't know why it didn't work  I guess you're sleeping right now I am working soon noon !!!
I am still suffering from a headache which has been with me since yesterday afternoon. Feels like my head is in a vice  Not pleasant.
one of my teachers died yesterday 
@loz_xx i didnt, i dropped the table on it yesterday at krew... 
still really really sore, in fact a little more than yesterday 
i could not update at all yesterday 
@natybaby I jus noticed you wrote to me yesterday  sorry naaaattttyyy what uppp
still feels woozy from giving blood yesterday. 
i should work out more often and more constantly.. I'm still tired from yesterday's racketball session.. 
- Legs feel worse than they did yesterday 
I remember like it was yesterday .. I miss you 
@localtweeps I listed myself yesterday (in 20036) but am still not showing up 
@Ravels Both my teams lost yesterday 
is still feelin sick...worst than yesterday 
@emmyrossum My prom was supposed to be yesterday, but it was canceled due to snow! 
@anjali28 I'm really sad I didn't speak to you at #tuttle yesterday! 
up erly! lots to do! heavily sunburnt from yesterday 
feeling a little better then yesterday! my jaw is still killing meeee! 
i think i mistakenly threw out my thumb drive when i was cleaning my apartment yesterday.  definitely won't do that again. clean, i mean.
Being thankful I didn't bother going to watch the defensive horror show yesterday... 
saw him yesterday...y is wen u think u moved on u really havent 
had to work yesterday didnt tweet 
@amazingphoebe mmmh, we sounded a bit like that the yesterday :/ 
@SineadMcFly because YOU turned off my alarm yesterday i have to suffer today 
@Mandums OMG that must've hurt!! I haven't been up to much I had to work yesterday  how about you?
Ugh... sunburn from yesterday's game is really uncomfortable... 
@BlueEyedBex Yesterday was perfectly wonderful - today it's cold 
@FSBigBob i wish i was could have made it... my dad had a heartattack yesterday. so i've been in &amp; out of the hospital. 
quizzle night was good yesterday btw  although my team 'bethan and the partridges' came second to last 
i got frighten yesterday night  im embarrassed, now contemplating....but happy that the Rockets won yesterday night! 
@scottbert yesterday i got one and it was 'orrible 
I got my braces tightened yesterday &amp; now it hurts to eat.. 
@Jetemetet I hope so!  Yesterday was a little more rainy and gray then I would like 
i feel sick  have had a headache and sore throat since yesterday 
@daisywill My workout was a slow one..I walked for 4 miles yesterday and my calves are tight 
@RealHughJackman i envy you... its been raining here since yesterday... 
@fumbluff still the virus - rash everywhere again - yesterday it had gone 
I hate that yesterday i wore flipflops and today it's uggs. 
@BathNBeads I can't believe it's been 10 years ~ seems like yesterday 
@GarrendennyLane I don't think ours is that posh, just a tent really! I was on their website yesterday and read that they don't 
@turquoisefairy ooh jealous! I need to get some new yarn. I missed the swapshop yesterday 
@Calzer whoaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! I missed it yesterday  I'm guessing he was in the band though?
@postaffix yesterday i dreamt i was being tortured 
why am i alot sicker today than i was yesterday?  if i was this sick yesterday i wudda been able to miss school. . .
No fair, was good yesterday but still waking up at silly times with a head full of blea, Does not encourage good behavior 
think i broke a rib when i had the hiccups yesterday, 
@jaezors haha i can now  it said yesterday that i couldnt 
Arghh not eaten since yesterday because of this endoscopy so much for not being that sore..  never underestimate the feeling of normality
Arghh not eaten since yesterday because of this endoscopy so much for not being that sore..  never underestimate the feeling of normality
I forgot to take a dailybooth picture yesterday 
@RissEO I was at cape buffalo yesterday for happy hour......we must have just missed each other 
@spicypants i only got one follower after you #ff yesterday  
@spicypants i only got one follower after your #ff yesterday  
Lightning struck yesterday, literally. And killed my modem. I'm camping at starbucks now. 
Still learning arts and of course informatics. Yesterday I learned 'til 12pm and today since, I don't know, 9am. I've got a lot to do. 
The day after....  Yesterday a big party in our backyard with friends. This morning it's clean-up day  
all that pizza yesterday has left me feeling so ill 
http://twitpic.com/4gzre - I played the lotto for the first time yesterday... won bugger all! 
I'm in dallas, got in yesterday morning.  However, situation dictates that I might be recalled  we shall see
@conawillvlog  I miss yesterday 
lost 7-2 and 6-1 yesterday. 
i smoked yesterday, it's very disappointing 
tired.. bcuz of yesterday.. 
@Popsyorl is it the same one still not downloaded from yesterday?! 
whyyyy was i not at bamboozle yesterday? stupid distance. 
@brendanvalencia what! is it raining today? it was so sunny yesterday  i will be in attendance for sure though and i'll ace that shiiit.
@chilly_o I tweeted u yesterday! 20 hrs ago probably! 
morning! too bad I forgot about the #caps game for the #twtpool yesterday, would have been 100% 
@zachfreitag i couldn't find you at all yesterday  i walked around the whole lot twice!
saw 13B yesterday....its not at all scary...hmph! 
I am going out shopping with mia madre &lt;3 , But when I get home , I have to homework  . Yesterday was reeeeealy interesting and fun !
My shoulders are pained and I hardly worked them yesterday 
DONE! but i would  be way happier if i hadn't eaten so much wheat yesterday 
@paulakeo Thanks, that's definitely good advice. Yesterday was just particularly trying.  
@picalili  YOu could have done mine yesterday too!!! 
@hollowlegs sounds painful  We did pork shoulder yesterday, what are you going to do with yours?
@carlyluvsunited I see you are awake and at it this morning! I needed you yesterday. I was doing my statistics homework 
CRYING ... My connection is fucked up since yesterday ! 
my gold fish died yesterday. goodbye stella 
our washing machine died yesterday - had to buy a new one 
I am fed up that Harlequins lost yesterday 
@shaktijs oooh okie!!! but i missed yesterday's 
@sstarznrocketzz haaaa but it was really boring at home yesterday  what about you? how r you? 
having fun yesterday with darls to ecp.. but we dint eat seafood 
 wna play acoustic but bust my high E string yesterday 
 60 followers NOW!  .....yesterday 62 
taking it easy after finishing 70 miles yesterday!  Too hot and humid to complete the 100 
got contaminated with gluten yesterday 
I've got sore throat! I'm sure it's because I walked in the rain yesterday 
@abiFACE I know! And I'm even more upset because my friend got to go yesterday 
Really hurt my back when I fell yesterday 
i hurt my back yesterday 
@tahneecullen yeah i nearly broke my ankle yesterday 
Wondering if I should've covered up the big bag of sand that was delivered yesterday. It's raining 
It was definitely one beer too many yesterday 
@reese I needed the same yesterday, discovered odeo didn't do what we needed 
i feel gloomy today. my pal's father died yesterday. i didn't know diabetes can be that fatal. 
I some how fell asleep at 8 yesterday on my couch, i'm disappointed with myself 
i was convinced up until recently that yesterday was thursday. 
Is going to exchange katie's gift...bought it yesterday and its broke 
I know! @wsamuel That's why I couldn't go to sleep yesterday til about 3am! 
i hope my friends dad lung cancer surgery was a success yesterday, i haven't heard from her yet so it make me nervous. 
@jasons Still embarrassed over my quick fingers yesterday! So sorry again sir 
@Phyrra you are soooo lucky that you got some rain yesterday. It got dark &amp; rumbled here, but only rained a little north of us 
@AlexAllTimeLow aww.  i had another panic attack yesterday, they suck. i hope you're okay bud.
@melitad Yes, I noticed that yesterday. Most of them didn't even bother to write a correction. 
good mornig its 10:51 a.m and i am soo tired  yesterday i watched 90210 the film is soo cool!
what's up everyone?  i missed david a's concert yesterday 
@laurenconti omg! haha what happened? i went yesterday, we seriously NEVER see eachother  x
a friend from frisco died yesterday  you will be missed, eddah ( ( (
the baby starling we found yesterday died this morning 
@misterorange  all 3 of my loses yesterday were to lavalanche 
vocal chords are shot after a screaming match yesterday. 
@therealsavannah so i went looking for you after the concert yesterday, and couldn't find you. 
Yay for the sunshine and bbq yesterday.....now why is it so cold again.... 
@JacCassady  i cried yesterday because i missed them hahaha
Ouch! My muscles hurt after the ladiesrun yesterday 
back to work ! &quot;thanks&quot; to a minor accident yesterday, i cant go running  , and im wearing sneakers to work.
fingers still broked  yesterday wasn't just a bad dream!
found a really nice tutorial I wanted to do yesterday, but forgot to favourite it and now I can't find it  http://plurk.com/p/uiclm
@hppamela @amyxaphania well i test drove the 307 yesterday and i have to admit, it's nice to look at but uncomfortable.  back to scare one
Hey @starburstin I missed you guys at the picnic yesterday!!!! 
Feels worse than yesterday 
@Frostae i watched it yesterday. it is so good ae. the ending is unfair and sad though 
Never got to the desk yesterday 
can't fecking spell today, you probably have guessed by now that yestreday was yesterday   was probably easier to delete and retweet
I think I overdid it yesterday. 
4 mile ride yesterday. ouch 
yesterday, said individual then informed me that we were not in his event at all and that we should look elsewhere...gotta love this guy 
still battling a migraine from yesterday... first time the maxalt didn't kick it while I slept.  
so, yesterday i was really looking at the childsupport website checking to see if my dad sent me money yet and it says he hasnt  urgh!
going out soon! hahaha i miss yesterday 
i wish i went to see akon yesterday 
Today really sucked.Not a slight better than yesterday 
Only started using SlimTimer again yesterday and todays its down 
Having eaten my last egg yesterday, I've had no breakfast  I really must go shopping this weekend
@ameliafell I started eating yesterday... and thats just been soup. 
I didn't make the lionette team....  I feel so sad....... I won't cry though. I did that yesterday..........
@LungiZuma the direct message you sent me about your car yesterday just came through now.. 
wants yesterday back 
Really should be studying but ive no notion, after maths yesterday , Is it really worth it 
Ugh yesterday was one of the worst days and now im so tired  i hate mrs mccann
I was SOOOoooo sick yesterday.  And I managed to sprain my good ankle. I'm so angry with myself.
@necolebitchie what happened? she was just on there yesterday 
@jackiehpr I wish you could go. It got sold out yesterday! 
Wish it was as nice out as yesterday 
@ach705 no you yelled at me yesterday! 
@avin_narasimhan how was it? i wanted to go yesterday but it was sold out 
@latenightjimmy noo! i missed an episode of LNWJF yesterday. found it on your website, but it wasn't available in the Philippines!! 
@yashved_2890 NOpe i dont.... havent since yesterday morning.. its horrible 
i feel more exhausted than i did yesterday 
@DorionBET ERM...Yesterday 
yesterday fun at koolina, today laundry up to my ears 
morning. i appear to be a little hungover. also optician told me yesterday working on computers is ruining my eyes - yay! 
@carolynaaa28 btw that man i told you about yesterday, he finally died yesterday morning 
@suzechooch oh, and there was so much love between us just yesterday. 
@neetalee helloooooooo i have been soooo busy ....  i tried to call you yesterday..nothing big. looking for cor
Two people have unfollowed me since yesterday 
@michaelq yes. It hurts. Yesterday they plugged a dry socket and the plug came out already.  Curse my tiny mouth!
I went green yesterday and I was out so I missed it  do I get another certificate????
almost got a kitty yesterday...but it didn't work out 
@thereallilza  wut itell u yesterday lol
So i sprained my ankle yesterday and it hurts worse today 
@DeAnnLR :::just got it cut yesterday  http://twitpic.com/66ncy
Yesterday and today was my weekend....back to work 2moro! 
@bbraden08 aww me sry  that was me yesterday ....
i love him..i hate him..i loved him yesterday...ill hate him tomorrow....damn im confused 
@arsc mega burguer was my lunch yesterday 
bored out of my mind. I guess im paying the price for having so much fun yesterday. 
Someone just bought the domain i planned on buying yesterday damn 
@gillian9 Aww, I had one yesterday, they suck 
I'm completely exhausted thanks to yesterday.  Can I go home yet?  
@maggit we tried yesterday and they said no 
@ubringmejoi in spoke to you yesterday and u didnt respond girl  wassup though!
I bought two tops and a scarf yesterday...sister has successfully hijacked them this morning to wear to breakfast (after removing tags) 
@sammiejd http://twitpic.com/65zbu - AWWW this is sooo cute is this from the one yesterday??  i was soo sad i missed it! i completely  ...
Hurting from yesterday's marathon arm wrestling match! (it was a draw 
@MYNAMEISISIS omg i know me too my arm is killing me when it was so fine yesterday. stupid injections oww 
i am so sore from the gym yesterday... i seriously cant move my arms 
i cried  it was really sad yesterday.
@mileycyrus I was a little  yesterday too
@AirenMayu yeah may.. same here.. its very hard since yesterday.. 
My arm is hurting... to much sun yesterday... 
@wla10 okay i guess i was tweeting in the club but then again im always on my phone...i wish i had gone to 101 yesterday 
@cpritch hey thanx for the #followfriday, I wasn't online for much of yesterday didn't get a chance to do mine 
@rodentvs It was a mohawk yesterday 
i got burnt yesterday  going to put sunscreen on before i go walk the dogs today
Our dog's still sick  He won't eat nor drink since yesterday pa .. (
 new sandals were damaged in great fall yesterday...
@hastillonlyme i was really starting to think i had! Yesterday i was thinking how lucky i'd been 
i hope that little boy by mine didn't die yesterday 
My phone needed to be charged yesterday and now I've lost it and can't ring it because it has gone dead 
I have two big blisters on my tongue from biting myself yesterday 
feeling sick  and is raining and cold (11 degrees colder than yesterday)...
@elysa im going in to work to finish up some unfinished business from yesterday 
just got back from the hospital.. been in complete agony all yesterday and today.. it sucks. 
i really regret for what i just did yesterday. i cried. i still want you to loving me and i still love to try loving you 
@twistednurse76 no I just had a really bad headache yesterday 
@AmILosingIt010 I know right...   I felt like crying yesterday
I hella woke up wishing yesterday was just a bad dream, fuuck 
wants yesterday again. 
lost 113 shares in yesterday's trade.  
Just got back yesterday from camp.  I miss it already. Once I got back ,at 4:30, I went right to bed and didn't get up 'til now.
still tired from yesterday 
i love him..i hate him..i loved him yesterday...ill hate him tomorrow....damn im confused 
working on a saturday morning... revoke yesterday's premature celebratory TFFIF. 
@TresesPieces all my media music and pics got deleted yesterday. 
How do you say goodbye to yesterday? 
I should go to bed ... it's blimmen cold here, and my heater gave up the ghost yesterday. 
@Rhispect good afternoon! I guess the peer pressure wasn't enough yesterday  I never was a good bully LOL.
So tired!!!  Yesterday's yard sale total:  $704.25 today... 300ish so far.    Wish I could spend it on fun. 
@DaRave I am tired and sore from yesterday's workout... 
@abolay5896  i wish you could do it too!!  ps.. the guy sent me the music yesterday!!!
@jenniferlynnnnn nope  i had to come back to work yesterday
went canoeing yesterday and did it in less time than they said we'd be able to, it was awesome! But, i lost my ray ban's in the water 
was not able to plurk yesterday. KPdown nanaman  ohayou minna! [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/xa1h5
Mourning loss is devastating.... buried my husband yesterday 
@SquirrelMaster They were from yesterday.  I thought I was safe.  
half broke my foot yesterday at carnival 
@Jonasbrothers ok so yesterday i found out you have a song that is partially in Japanese and I LOVE IT!! i wish we could do it in choir! 
http://twitpic.com/6bdvm - I miss my roommie.  We went out for drinks yesterday.
Realizing the importance of milk. doodhwala was on tadi yesterday 
still hungover from yesterday 
@songbookbaby I feel ya... lost 11 since yesterday   talking about music n such ?
@mileycyrus the voting is closed  I tried to vote for u yesterday
@bryvrgs yeah i went under the knife yesterday! 
@natalieridout seriously?? I may have go outside more today!! I was working inside yesterday 
@brokensadly i didn't even sleep much yesterday and i stayed up until 3am. i'm ooold too. 
going to take it easy today, my shoulder are still red raw from yesterday 
@parishiltonpho Aww, I love to bake! What did you make? And yeah, I was out all of yesterday, it was hot! But I have so much homework!  xo
I still feel horrible about what I had to do yesterday 
yesterday/last night was joooookes. i wish jen wasnt being a fag and let us stay longer so i could see @WeTheTRAVIS 
@dandeadman Slough is much colder than it was yesterday 
wanted shaun smith to win yesterday 
So, too much sun yesterday isn't fun   BUT were headed out to E3 soon!!!
still thinking about yesterday 
wandering what went wrong - was practically summer till yesterday at 16:00 and it's all back to winter now...  
@djdnice #favmoviequote I know I'm all late...was twitterless yesterday. 
i need the focus i had yesterday.. i keep getting distracted! french &amp; bio finals tomorrowww 
@DjHolic i know i been graving this since yesterday 
just woke up and think i feel worse then i did yesterday  boo.
@hdberk apparently the update released yesterday-ish fixed that 
anarbor concert was yesterday 
@xEMVx I thought she left yesterday morning, wtf we shoulda!!!!! 
@Iambak well I applaud u bc i tried on 6in heels yesterday and almost tipped over! And they were soo cute too 
@itsjulio sorry   at least u got 2 go 2 the lake yesterday!!
I hurt my knee yesterday and now it hurts to walk   
@Dannymcfly everyone knows you love boobs but I bet you'll loooove this to. http://twitpic.com/6cebm We couldnt give it to you yesterday 
my summer vacation started yesterday! Now I need to get something to do. I lost my purse yesterday at the party. 
I'm loving how I haven't gained any followers since yesterday  lol
omg the last remaining titanic surviver died yesterday 
@scotsmanstuart   tried that yesterday but still refused to load 
@shezzadine i am SO sorry about being so hungover yesterday! i didn't know i wouldn't see you bitches again before you left! 
@legomymeggo me??? its your fault  so beat yesterday
@markmedia so sorry about your bike mark! and we were just admiring it yesterday 
@Bradshawgirl LOL sorry you had to leave yesterday 
@Momsmostwanted had problems signing onto twitter yesterday night, and when I finally got on, you were done 
@mandystevens  nevermind. they are sold out    ! they went on sale yesterday! 
@AdrianTodd i missed yesterday live  did she speak to you guys?
@AdrianTodd yeah i've heard  earlier (yesterday) i had the chance to talk to her
says my karma went down cos I didnt plurk yesterday  http://plurk.com/p/xjyi6
i have a ring that i always loose but it keeps on going back to me.. but yesterday i lost it and never saw it... feel sad about it... 
i can't sleep and for some reason i'm still sore from playing tennis yesterday...  it huuuurts
It's attacking me baaaack! *cough cough cough* I thought I'll be better than yesterday. But I'm so wrong 
I've completely forgotten the password I placed on a document I started yesterday.  
@RoyalBlueStuey me too! I felt worse yesterday than sat night 
@kkassu i found like.. 20 pictures of you on my comp yesterday, you were so swwwwweet kiddy  u still are btw. miss you!
@aikomastboom yeah, well it dried already (it happened the day before yesterday)... Keys aren't stuck anymore, but still don't work 
missed out yesterday, and is bummed about it 
Ugh! I am very sore and sunburned from working out in the yard yesterday 
@do_over: missed yall yesterday! 
Why do I feel worst than yesterday?! 
yesterday i was feeling nirvana...now im feeling extreme melancholy 
@Jocassels i'm really good thanks, went to see a house that had possibilites yesterday so fingers and toes crossed! working tonight 
is suffering terribly from yesterday 
I got very little sun yesterday! That was the whole point in going. 
I'm really sore fomr tubing yesterday. I can barely move 
hehe, sunnyday totday, yesterday was amazing, but i missed you very much 
@macla_b i knoww but im sad because julia came back yesterday 
@etherjammer down from yesterday? that's too bad. 
yesterday night was fun, accept i missed the awards.  it's alright though, i'll survive . . . maybe.
@breakall Yes, sadly ConCarolinas ended yesterday  It's too short!!
@BitchNotAPerson sorry about yesterday  can u follow me again??pleasee! 
the last survivor of the titanic died yesterday. 
the last known survivor of the titanic died yesterday 
@finvampire I thought I had seen you yesterday at the con but then i saw you posted here so it wasn't you 
got to see the bf yesterday, whoohoo! but probably wont see him again until next weekend 
@abacab1975 I've missed every bong since noon yesterday 
i got a sunburnt yesterday. ouchie 
i got sunburnt yesterday. ouchie 
watched cocktail yesterday...abit gutted. not a good i thought it wud be. 
Shoot, the wallet that I wanted went off of sale yesterday. 
@kelownagurl injured from my crash yesterday and feeling it tonight 
@kimberly625 yep. it started yesterday. 
I ran into the table yesterday and messed my thigh up! Its bruise and hurts todays 
@YoBoiNewnue--(sigh) I know right and I got yo text late yesterday 
Writin' more offers tonight, but just got outbid on one from yesterday 
miss him so much   .pii come on .. i miss when we were like yesterday
Getting ready to go out. Yesterday my leg was fine, but today it's pretty achy, i think walked a bit too much yesterday 
@Sharnemainaknit  It started getting misty here last night and its the same today  was lovely yesterday.
hey guys internet crashed on me yesterday so i couldn't use twitter 
@annapires yes! sorry about wordpress yesterday, I logged off again  how did it go?
windsor races yesterday - put 10 quid - at loss of 8.5 
it rained yesterday so it was nice n cool... now it's getting hot again 
@analuseeya I just had alot of stupid drama going on yesterday and to top it off, I got written up at work yesterday  really unfair!
I been up since yesterday morning,,,    i cnt sleep..
sorry about not tweeting much yesterday but I'm sick 
is pretty upset that @robdyrdek was at the mall yesterday (WHERE I WORK) for a meet and greet and I didn't even know!  
@mfhorne ahh alive is possibly the BEST album ever was crackin that 1 out yesterday as it goes! I can't get the link for the no masks tho 
@aynsleyeg yesss  soo early!!!! And I was there till like 730 yesterday!
@JanineArielle i was with him yesterday. we don't have the same breaks anymore 
@IamHaitianFresh twitter heard from you yesterday before i did 
I was at 437 from 8:30-9:30 yesterday w/o ever going outside...sad 
@breatheyoga You needed to tweet this yesterday 
I was waiting to hear from a local (big deal) contest about my short stories yesterday.  Nothing. 
I am ill. Yesterday I got three shots at the doctor. I feel terrible! 
@Dfloyd215 danni what's going on with u, i'm sorry i didnt even ask how u were when i called u to vent yesterday 
8 years... been so long yet seems like yesterday 
NO ! @mauityler87 #goodsex is wen u had it yesterday morning &amp;&amp; still feeling tuesday afternoon (that's meeeee  ) lol
@kstpete I'm wondering if the video stopped streaming... looks just like yesterday &amp; no visitors. 
@mrsrorob that is how i was yesterday! I am sorry you feel this way too 
It seems they found the plane that vanished yesterday   http://bit.ly/uDzVf
my arms hurt from weight lifting yesterday 
My cat went missing yesterday 
still recovering the madness from yesterday, ugh i csnt get over it 
@djdeks accidentally grabbed one of those yesterday...  awful
@iesha_irene awww I was just with my baby yesterday and I miss him already 
@xjujubeanx ahhaha i made that yesterday.. i dont kno wot to eat for lunch 
@evanphx needed that yesterday also 
goin to bed now, i 'accidently' got too burnt yesterday 
i hate waking up with this confused guilty feeling. just because i spent yesterday lazying about. 
had an accident yesterday and now i am numb 
i bit when I bit yesterday and it bled some more 
AirBerlin sends me an invite to check in via web. Why didn't they do that yesterday when I got that middle seat? 
@dpetrille missed you yesterday 
Yesterday I stapled my thumb. It still hurts 
@siamusic thats ok boopma.i know! how is everything? i almost won the lottery yesterday  x
just finished watching malcolm in the middle yesterday 
@frak pmsl!! I do *so* find the humour in that today. Yesterday I was gatvol.  (Gatvol is Afrikaans for fedup, its a rude word tho).
@TheSourceress I could have used that yesterday 
sore throat  i sang too much yesterday, lol. its true.
@SarahChicken am doing the ironing  went to pub yesterday with a naughty friend and did some sunbathing- very red today whoops
@TheGreatestSax: he's my fave judge on so you think you can dance. He got heartbroken yesterday and he's really sad 
I've just realised, I guess yesterday was the last of the gorgeous weather. 
@timclebron i told grandma last week and said you can all come but she forgot and i reminded her yesterday but she said you could go 
I must have ate something bad yesterday... me no feel good! 
I totally made up a song about the sun yesterday and the tune was really funny, but i can't remember it 
My livestrong wristband snapped yesterday  , but already ordered an other one. @lancearmstrong
@staylorcockayne hey girly! sorry i didn't call you back until late yesterday and missed you  we must have a chill sesh soon!
@carsondelfer awww my mom left there yesterday 
@WestofMars Yesterday, reports are that it was suicide. 
Just got my retainer yesterday and today when I woke up it was quite sore and hard to speak 
lost her cellphone yesterday. 
is sickly and lost cellphone yesterday. 
surfing yesterday sucked...it took the wrong board with me 
@tammyluksich haha!! wow i can't believe a breakup song reminds you of me, how terrible! i did abs with trisha yesterday..  i miss you!
I bought a new lipgloss yesterday (so pretty!) And I can't find it! 
G_GMoney17 -- hey babez! I need to be there like yesterday.  How are U?
@G_GMoney17 -- hey babez! I need to be there like yesterday.  How are U?
@MsLoyalty saw the cutest kicks yesterday!!  i want them 
Today is going much slower than yesterday 
 i hurt so much :*( i wish i never went outside yesterday
@BrandonWebman I knooooowwww!! I'm so mad!! That run yesterday was unbelievable! It's pouring 
worried about the hubby. haven't heard from him since yesterday. his father passed away wednesday night. 
how am i feeling sicker than yesterday 
@knotby9 we grew up together and this is the longest ive ever been away from her  but i talked to her yesterday 
@FerParraRatia yap! yesterday was funny! but we need sara 
jacked up my knee on my run yesterday..... sweet...... 
It's almost a week since I've been back but I feel like I got home yesterday. 
had a broken nail and had to cut it all yesterday 
still very sick  but feeling much betta then yesterday lol
How I long for yesterday 
Yesterday I didn't get much done. I find not getting much done and feeling guilty about it makes me pull more  So need to stay busy!
@JayaPremHangout I made yellow play doh yesterday and now it is all squished into my carpet 
@zenojones I didn't do anything to it. As of yesterday, the ball only moves from left to right. It was working when I woke up yesterday 
@BollyKnickers_x i think it was to do with all the heroes i watched yesterday. but still. it was really really sad 
overall some excellent results yesterday..but some sad ones too 
I miss Yesterday 
@EvilNanny LOL well I'm up there with you I was on the naughty step 3 times yesterday!!  
My e71 tells you in how many hours the alarm will go when you set it... Yesterday I set it and it said 3 hours and 59 minutes 
About to toast the cheese sandwiches I forgot to bring to work yesterday   ( @karencurrier )
@GrahmZilla arrived yesterday! so, we just missed each other  did u have fun?
Not sure what to wear to Collectomania tomorrow. @NathanFillion said it was freezing yesterday 
@youmeatsix I loooved your show yesterday. I already miss you guys 
@Seahorsemystic I was just checking my @ replies and saw some from u that I didn't see yesterday! How does that happen? 
Yesterday better than now 
@YoungQ Yesterday was ice cream day.. awww!!! 
@MaRieMONOPOLY lucky!!! yesterday it was +27 here 
Looking gloomy outside so I didn't get my run in yesterday or this morning.  and I hate to start sweating with a fresh retouch...
McFLY yesterday was amazing!!  But i'm sad it is over 
@Kizzmo - it was yesterday 
@jimmykdoyle I called you yesterday but you didn't answer  give me a call when you can!
working on my epistle project! Hopefully I'll get to look for a new phone later 2day, since my old one broke yesterday. 
@munchikenx hehe I didn't make you bleed yesterday... I'm slacking 
@naughtymeg  it sux, it was so pretty yesterday, and noone was at the beach!!! it was nice, now today its all gray lol
It's so murky outside, what a change from sunny yesterday 
why must it be not as nice as yesterday? 
@xBianC4x uugh i hate raain!yesterday was raining heree 
@tinydeww aww i'm sorry to hear that. I was like that yesterday.  *hugs*
The lady that did my hair yesterday asked me if i was here on beach week 
@stephmccall missed you yesterday  x x x
i almost discovered a new species yesterday. almost. i have drawings to prove it. 
saw my dad yesterday..i miss him 
my knee that i busted yesterday is hurting like a mutha 
jammed toe is ouchy  it's not as swollen as yesterday, though!
i am such a bitch! screwed yesterday's paper. most importantly, the end part of yesterday! stupid ahhh. bye off to work 
My nose is bleeding for the third time since yesterday  no funn
@Chipburgess Chip! I didn't get to meet you yesterday  I didn't see you after you guys played
yesterday wasn't so bad, this week will be but 
My grandma passed away yesterday and is already burried! 
just had a good coffee... now studying. feeling pretty motivated after yesterday's performance 
didnt manage to recover from yesterday's ride. 
Another good training session with the girls yesterday - J - sorry you're not feeling well 
yesterday was so embarrassing.. i feel pity for myself 
yesterday i got hit at my pussy when on field and i was having my menses 
too tired to learn  was fun yesterday... love ya twittiiies
@baneen my throat is still a little sore, but thats ok. Just felt rough yesterday after waking up so early.  you?
@clareohh I haven't been well all week, and after yesterday it's become worse 
@Markable  I know that you can spell it. Yesterday was great,even if we've got some problems w/rain! 
@furina1975 nah it was yesterday, but i was in a stained t-shirt 
i hurt my foot yesterday and i DON'T like that! 
@natlyy we should have Detly'd yesterday 
arhhh need to do some english  Why didn't I do any yesterday again?
@dorenechua i know that feeling...I helped a friend move yesterday... still sore! probably sore next week too 
@theshoplifters no wonder i didn't see you girls at djeumpa dramo yesterday 
@warhawkprincess I tried to join your game yesterday, connection failed 
@martinaxD lucky youuu!! yesterday i was studing 
i got my computer back yesterday and it sux i cant even download tweetdeck 
@EvaOy yeah, twila told me about this when i went in yesterday.  you should refuse to move.
@ebassman hey - um got the impression yesterday @ concert you didnt like me too much  
Is hurtin after a painful shower after being sunburnt yesterday 
no tweets yesterday 
I made, it wasnlt easy but I made. I should NOT have done that 7.5 mile run yesterday  http://twitgoo.com/oocg
@candicekei yess! i left him a comment with like 20 sad smilies yesterday  he will be missedddd. *sigh*
Radishes!  Then back here to do my poetry paper  I got NO coffee this morning &amp; that makes for a grumpy Jade. Yesterday was good though?
I wish I was going to @mitchelmusso cd signing today but my mama said it's too far  I should have gone yesterday, it was so much closer.
@xxSimonex its another fanta epidemic like yesterday lol 
So sore from yesterday 
@TheKellanLutz awwe  i did that yesterday morning, it was brutal!
I almost got a puppy yesterday 
@LJWJKealing I was so sad to see that banner ad yesterday. 
workd out yesterday and woke up sore 
@goofyindun ha ha I think I did. I didn't twitter much yesterday. I believe that is what it was. 
I'm still jittery from the coffee from yesterday 
was moving things yesterday till late. tired and sore.  
2 more to go  I still have that headache from yesterday, and now that's teamed with my speech loss 
@tesstesstess i am a little wind burned from yesterday though 
@suhleenuhhh ahhh it was nice seeing you yesterday&lt;3 you shoulda watched the hangover with usss 
I should have lost a few pounds yesterday when some fuckers made me walk 43 and a half miles. 
Strugging with chopping videos shot yesterday 
is burnt from going to the lake yesterday 
headache, again. just like yesterday 
We have a problem guys I have videos from yesterday but they have no sound 
@wynchester76 i have never tried it before let me know how it works! yeah i just got so much of mine cut off yesterday 
my arm still hurts from when i pulled it yesterday 
I had so much fun yesterday! but now I'm sick 
http://twitpic.com/6vlli - it seems like it was yesterday they took that picture 
i'm not so sure if i could watch @metrostation  my mom just started talking to me yesterday.
Hubbys grandma died yesterday 
@lisamannor no! that was from yesterday but twitter decided to be stupid 
I forgot to finish my homework due yesterday  #blameneolib
so yesterday was good. but my computer is stuffed 
@italipina I had that 'monday morning feeling' yesterday as I had to work 
totally fucked up maths today  now, to conclude my speech which i was supposed to do yesterday...
@kariinadesiana wawawa, miss you too. i called you yesterday like a hundred times but you weren't home   hey, gmn garage sale ?
@nightsun73 i concur that as yesterday it is hayfever factor 10! 
@cavorting not bad, except for hubby being attacked yesterday 
@RockIzure Yes, it's been down since yesterday. 
@gingernaps nah, not at all!! The contrast to yesterday couldn't be bigger 
Feeling icky this morning despite being less ill than yesterday  Weirddd...
@wearesolid  I'm not able to go, only remembered yesterday &amp; I'd already made plans  You should definitely go though @DavidHender
@blottingpaper  I didn't know you were needy yesterday. And I did talk to you in the morning for a bit. You didn't tell me! &lt;3
#squarespace because I forgot yesterday 
should of worn suncream yesterday 
@ibenji  Its awful here, was yesterday too! Not happy!! I'm good..hungry haha. You? x
@davidstella:  I'm sorry, I guess my mojo didn't work yesterday.  
I really wish I knew what I did to my back yesterday so I would never do it again... in so much pain this morning 
Wish my sisters were with me yesterday at supper. 
@Cassafrass1216 I just realized I forgot to bring back the cleaning checklist yesterday  sorry little buddy!
@ThePerfectVerse I was unmotivated to exercise until yesterday at the dress shop the told me my measurements 
@BattsLM I did that yesterday 
Pissed off that I had to stop writing yesterday, totally lost the thread of what I was at 
@Karenpayne I looked yesterday and couldn't find a place to report them either. 
A pic of us wicked girls yesterday.. ;) missing stormy   http://twitpic.com/7hcjk
@leahchristine omg yesterday was hell 
A pic of us wicked girls yesterday.. ;) missing stormy   http://twitpic.com/7hcjk (via @clubalektrablue)
@JuliaRicci haha i didnt go yesterday as planned i was not feeling well in the morning  but i did go today!
@squarespace  i hope so but you said that yesterday...   #squarespace
my finger is swollen from football yesterday. 
@geniusinalamp i was on when you told me to be yesterday 
i talked to vitor yesterday and im already missing him 
@ambulanceartist no i tried it yesterday lol 
@chetty missed seeing you yesterday 
@brianlj It did. Yesterday 
@jeepersmedia Thanks for letting me in on your game yesterday.  I would love to play again but I was lagging too badly. 
's car broke down yesterday. 
@autumnrain3 I had that yesterday and got sick 
@emeoheneihceah it's seeking my revenge on you, for all the hurtful things you told me yesterday 
@babyd510 i hear you...i just looked at them yesterday 
wearing yesterday's pants 
@jamesbrnett What's wrong with yesterday's haul??? 
At work again....Yesterday the studio didnt worked out as it should.   dont know why but something just takes away my concentration. grrr
Suffering! Pulled a muscle in my chest yesterday and spent the night waking up in agony!! 
cheers for all the bday wishes yesterday..now its just down to the grind of being older 
@xloopylarx  sat in rain yesterday  no sign of edward cullen  was wayyyyyy upset lol
@MarkCo11ins That sounds nice. It is WAYYYYYYY too humid here to think of doing that. I almost passed out from the heat yesterday. 
@mtalamine I wish you had come yesterday  but you had plans.
@bytey alass no I;ve been googing for that for 9.4 yesterday  .
up....and realizing all the errands i need to run i shoulda ran yesterday 
@hoorayitstay sorry babe I didn't come on yesterday  
There was no monkey yesterday!  So disappointed 
Memorizing script and hoping that at least 10 people watch because yesterday only 4 watched  .
not happy that the car we picked up yesterday after paying a hefty sum to figure out why it wouldn't start, will not start today 
@JizBSB you never called my yesterday 
@MissKellyO sore from working out yesterday 
my ear still hurts from piercing it yesterday ouchiesz 
I didn't finish coloring this commission yesterday like I had planned and I'm upset about it  ughh.
is feeling soooo much better than yesterday... too bad I have to go to the dentist 
@cpearson1990 I should do! I did yesterday but didn't realise I couldn't come down again for so long today  yay lasagne!  xx
went to the docs yesterday 
@taylormcfly can't believe i missed them yesterday...and mcfly was there as well...how could i miss that...this sucks 
@taylormcfly i cant believe i missed them yesterday...and mcfly was there as well...how could i miss that...this sucks 
@smaksimo that was me yesterday. so sorry 
@MazVN I had 2 last week and yesterday, I had 2. i don't wanna be followed by them  they ruin my rep.
@MsJuicy313 I know!  I'm not hurtin anymore tho! Yesterday really did murder it! And I don't know, he trying to make a comeback :-/
@Bastante_P I was cleaning up yesterday 
@divaangg lol No need. After seeing how sad he was after the incident yesterday, I feel so bad for him. 
I shouldn't of moved to adjust my bag yesterday 
subway jalapenos...  still as hot as i remember from yesterday!  
@perceyhearts @britnimarie well seeing as i got written up yesterday, i really don't find it appropriate. I'll live i guess. 
#haveyouever been unable to do something even though it HAS to be done yesterday. 
@stuartmeldrum didn't show yesterday either 
I was in footoperation yesterday. I can't walk 
@ErictheAzn those are the best.. i just had some yesterday.. but i ran out 
thinking i should get up now but i feel just as bad as yesterday 
headache since yesterday! 
@trisulo why didn't you come yesterday to my house? 
Dying...... Where did this come from? I felt so healthy yesterday.  
i was just soo happy yesterday.. now i wake up disappointed 
@oxygen8705 I had a cut from shaving yesterday that I forgot about and just scratched it. 
@curly00315 I cut it shaving yesterday, forgot about the cut and scratched it. 
@jewelparlour i had that yesterday.... wah, i have gastric pain again... 
What a sucky week.. got dumped for some other girl.. and my grandad passed away yesterday and i think im going to get hypothermia 
My barely 2 weeks old little kitten died yesterday. 
Oh no, I fell asleep and missed #guidinglight yesterday 
@anz_rocks19 @ceggs i think @mrtrev is M.I.A. not heard from him since yesterday!! 
Finally get a pedicure yesterday and it's cold today. 
off to lunch - after my pig out session yesterday it'll probably be celery and carrots today 
I got burnt yesterday  and now its reali wet outside  why cant it be sunny!!
@lebrouillac  the birds ate all ours yesterday 
@ShadowSaber1 I lost my job yesterday 
franklin is miserable after getting fixed yesterday  and i'm miserable too
@ProudyB It killed me yesterday when I opted not to bring my usual cardigan along 
never got that sushi yesterday 
started an excercise program yesterday.. and I am feeling it today. 
fell off a swing yesterday 
@abbysyarns I know!! I was thinking about that yesterday! 
yesterday, i was sad 
okay myucsc. grades were due yesterday  and it's still blank. what happened?
finally receiving texts again... if anything happened yesterday...I missed it 
@AllAmeriBadGirl his bday was yesterday 
@raraheileen yes! finally, it felt so empty yesterday when i didnt get any. 
worrkinngg. Really sore from my workout yesterday 
@michxxblc I talked to my doctor yesterday. Nothing I can do but rest and let it run its course 
yesterday plane ticket prices were outstanding, but i slept on it and today they are not-so-outstanding. 
@antphilip always what? sorry i missed your call yesterday by the way...i was in uni 
I shouldn't have had that burrito yesterday, or the second one 
@jordanknight at least you slept! how's your back? u looked rough in the m&amp;g yesterday 
My room is a disaster. It looks like I was robbed while a war was going on. It's that bad.  And all cause of yesterday.
@MBGQueen me too! But I smudged mine puttin on my J's yesterday 
Just hanging out... definitely got a lil sunburned at the tanning bed yesterday 
@omjchristinaaa i know i went yesterday and they didnt have it  i really want it!!
@adriennewhite I hear I missed out on quite a night yesterday 
@MsTiaB girl it feels just like yesterday...but I still want you here 
@carcrashheart8 we missed you yesterday! 
@danvsgod How do we do it? I plugged mine in yesterday and I failed at it 
@almiuxita how are u? you didn't kiss me yesterday night  
Today was better than yesterday but I still have a long way to go. Also: one of my students was kicked out yesterday &amp; isn't coming back 
I got fired yesterday  but luckily I already had another job offer
@CameronAllStar you like @taylorswift13 that's a first! I missed you yesterday! But I had to graduate. I'm sad I missed your show! 
@elkalinetrio I'm sorry I didn't do it yesterday. the squirrels are trying to ruin the internet for me! 
@KeriB3ast1294 it was yesterday but the soreness set in overnight 
@CeeCeeJayez can u aak them if they call ppl who smsd yesterday? they won't reply to me 
@seanx2 Not fair, how come it wasn't opened when we were there yesterday 
I feel sick this morning, may have eaten yesterday wrong 
@Seinjin where were u yesterday?!...not fair 
stressed over a app 4 a unit this morning wen to town gave quick call to find it had gone already I only saw it yesterday 
@jessielovessyou i dunno it just came yesterday in the post 
ugh no-ones twittering....................................bored  I miss @NicholasJerry92  and @dangerjoe  they were funny yesterday
still fighting off this migraine i've had since 4 yesterday ug 
legs hurt  should not have ridden to walton yesterday.
still in bed just thinking about what went on yesterday 
Is waking up to yesterday's nightmare. I don't want this to be over 
@taraface ahhh omg i thought that was tonight not yesterday?!?! 
i couldnt download 3.0 yesterday no internet   ill try today
@Jimwashere it still didn't work... i didn't win yesterday. 
No sign of my whistle yet  It was posted first class recorded delivery yesterday afternoon.
So I no computer for me yesterday 
In need of some serious bengay...ouch! And some fooooood! I forgot to eat yesterday!  Lol.
my toe still hurts from yesterday 
@GoreVVhore Yesterday was just a clumsy mess wasn't it..      I'm sorry
Why can I not remember my gpg password   I just made it yesterday, ugh!
The vaccum broke yesterday 
@tyizar How long did it take your locs to straighten out? I got these joints put n yesterday and they're curlin &amp; bendin &amp; unravellin 
My poor elderly cat was attacked by a bee yesterday 
Why did you fail on me yesterday 
disappointed in my pics from yesterday... too many are blurry. 
is indulging in the blue sky happiness from yesterday to avoid thinking about that polaroid.  http://plurk.com/p/11yts8
@xcool now need to re d/l the sdk as I gave deleted the gm yesterday 
Just woke and my neck still hurts  but not so much like yesterday :/
@purplebeats I couldn't comment yesterday 
Still feeling sad from yesterday ... can anyone cheer me up! 
i didn't find finding nemo yesterday 
@bitchbuzzmein it was nice here yesterday. Now it's awful 
@camburglar sorry i missed u yesterday 
@FreshBCool my internet wasnt working yesterday 
Just realised that I've lost a friend since yesterday!! 
@lucywilliamsx fat tony got stabbed yesterday next too gummers. how sad  he was the only person in sp i liked  i might cry!
Searching for my doggie...He ran away yesterday bout 1:00 can't seem to track him down. 
http://twitpic.com/7qguu - i hit my ankle of the door yesterday and this is what i got. 
@MilkGrenades yeah, he passed yesterday  kidney failure
really hopes it doesn't thunderstorm again today...especially since we lost 3 good mares yesterday.  (hit by lightning, one in foal, too)
aly'g got fever yesterday peaking at 37.7 which is enough to make everyone worried 
i felt so super sick yesterday... 
@rockinwriterchk i know right??! bahhh i can't see it happening after twitter screwed up yesterday though 
Wish I hadn't been so productive yesterday...now I have nothin to do 
I didn't go to class today because I'm soo sick.. my stomach is turned upside down  i had so many cans of cola yesterday O_o
@blacksoappalace I said hi yesterday. 
@pogotips good understatement - been at it since yesterday and not even halfway there yet. 
@TheDailyHerb  i'm sry, that is one reason i didn't go yesterday
said somethg wic i dun mean yesterday.haf been feelg guilty since yesterday 
@aplusk I agree!! But it sucked that their servers crashed yesterday! 
says at&amp;t punk'd me yesterday...no service all nite 
@AndreAmore you totally forgotten about me yesterday 
so had my shoulders worked on yesterday... now they are ouchy sore 
Now I'm looking at what I wrote yesterday and I'm wondering if it's working as well as I thought it was 
not feel good have cough  too much sweet yesterday it just a sugar rush
@stutibhadauria I wish but i could b there yesterday night  
@BonnieMaee  he saw it yesterday i think...i thought he tweeted the link?  guess it doesn't count 
and gambling + horse races are not for me... I didn't win a penny yesterday... 
@ShortlistMag missed yesterdays shortlist - rubbish  x
I forgot my #squarespace yesterday 
oh shit i forgot my video yesterday :S just realized now 
@Skittmon I actually went to the gym yesterday - it went well - just don't go often enough sadly 
@chipcoffey Do you ever see animal spirits? I had to put my cat to sleep yesterday  Just want to know if I made the right choice
wasnt like this yesterday 
17 weeks yesterday  it still doesnt get any easyer
I didn't get to speak to my husband yesterday or today 
I was bad yesterday 
@PipiBella what do you think??? i'm so down right now...maybe you can't hear it anymore but i really miss u! yesterday i couldn't laugh 
finshing up things that i didn't get around to yesterday 
going to collect RuroKen today XD they hadn't been delivered yesterday   http://tartan-faerie.deviantart.com/
@BrenaDwita for the driving license of courseee haha. how was dufaaan? its a pitty i cant join you yesterday 
Yesterday, FAIL  monicas going back tonight. I work 
i broke me elbow yesterday 
@sharongillson I'm getting emails, but yesterday the forums were down. It's frustrating, I know 
soo tired ..  my legs hurt because of yesterday.. -.-
damn!!!! i missed dwight on twitter yesterday!!! ughhH!!!!!!!! 
@kingivn yesterday but u didn't answer so I figured u don't wanna have one with me... I'm not good enough to have a private session wit u 
missing michael  but i got to talk to him yesterday
@SoozInSports never heard back from you yesterday. 
Just ran.  still sore from yesterday.   ahh well haha
got sunburned yesterday 
@leahdeben thank you! I got sick yesterday though. 
I am trying this again.  Yesterday's update didn't work 
@OohWeeMayne being hot and drunk don't mix either! i did that one yesterday.. 
@papertyger I went to @fabulouslorrain's blog yesterday and I can't get the little orange kitten out of my mind. 
@BrandonPzy ummmmm! why didnt you call me yesterday! 
I'm starting to not feel so good again. I hope what I had yesterday doesn't come back! 
@jimmywhite09 hell yea I ain't been asleep since yesterday morning 
has trouble sleeping yesterday cause of my neck.. 
@britkoz lolllllll yess that was yesterday...i would meet her after i was soaked from the rain  but sunday! u? an i texted u!
@zerogravity03 i know! I want the listener on  Yesterday's episode was xD
@CodeRedfc I heard about those F1 split rumors yesterday... this can't be good 
@jaydastraystrag morning??? LOL hey twin I missed u yesterday 
@jpowlessx2 it's been rough. Yesterday's test was awful. &amp; now they want me to have 2 more invasive nonmedicated tests b4 surgery. 
I miss yesterday 
my feets hurt. Yesterday i understood, that nobody will miss me 
Thanks to the tons of sweets yesterday I have tummyache now 
I was way too drunk yesterday (almost? embarassingly so)... and I think I forgot to pay at the last bar we were? (oy  ..)
@Ratkat But its been there all week and just disappeared yesterday 
i think yesterday was most probarbly the worst say of my life  &lt;/3
so we didn't make it to 1,000 followers by yesterday  that just means that we have until this friday coming up. the treat is still offered
Ahh! I wish I hadn't had McDonalds yesterday... its not good for the skin 
@colormesunshine I was supposed to know yesterday. No word yet. 
@jhouligan Aw!  I missed you yesterday!  
Since yesterday my hand has felt like it was falling asleep 
@chasingbrittany so when i ran/swimmed into you yesterday i think i loosened a tooth! oh no 
even though my dad screamed at me yesterday  doesnt make me love him any less haha...
Really don't wanna go to work... I'm burnt from yesterday 
@sketchysk8ter you fags didn't invite me  I was so bored yesterday..
None of my updates from yesterday worked... 
@mebplanner I wish you were there to save mine  not yesterday but 3 weeks ago (still homeless sigh) hehe
forgot to checkin online yesterday, now there's only a meagre selections of seats left 
i'm really, REALLY sad  yesterday my aunt passed away  i miss her so much.
So. . . I had to say goodbye to the acura integra yesterday. I cried. 
@viik_adam yeah, yesterday, or the day before yesterday... )) it wasn`t on theaters in my country 
school ends. I miss u all  Yesterday was great
omg i spent all my money !!  i just got paid yesterday.... 
saw my second mommy yesterday. she was so sad 
@2LiveAndFly Thanks so much! I was trying to twitpic  my expanding un flat ironed hair yesterday but couldn't 
wth it was so hot yesterday &amp; now  mayb the clouds will burn off...
It was so hot yesterday and now its raining?and i just got my car washed 
@amanda_diniz my looooooooooooooooove, do not forget about me  hahaha how was the party yesterday? going out tonight? &lt;3
I am up and ready for the day! Yesterday was a blast but time to get to work today. 
WTF???  90 degrees yesterday. 68 and raining today. I guess no beach 
@sundaycosmetics It's because I can relate to the employment agency. I hope the current one I spoke with yesterday can really help me. 
Totally forgot about my diagnostic sono yesterday  Too much stress on my mind!!
Fished for 3 days and caught no fish. I did catch one yesterday, reeled it in then it unhooked itself and swam away right at the shore 
@LaceySchwimmer Came out yesterday but you may be able to find some around. Most places sold out yesterday though.. 
@CrissyGetsBizzy my walls.. They painted them yesterday &amp; it's effecting my lung condition  I wish it wasn't so shitty outside
@whereskate didn't realize my twitter was off. sorry it was a bad day yesterday. 
@savvybride ohmigosh.. what on earth happened?! you were so far in the lead yesterday  i voted &amp; will send out again for more
@dew00druff dammit! I just returned mine yesterday 
i bit my tongue yesterday 
@datgurlulove well both y'all asses duffed me yesterday 
I don't want to go to work! I just want to sleep! I'm tired and my legs hurt from yesterday 
me &amp; @tyk505 did not make as much as we did yesterday at the yard sale 
bike ride yesterday and now my legs hurt a little and i got a farmers tan 
@MaddyMorebucks ohhh gooosssshhhh lol...I saw trish yesterday...I guess I wasn't da only 1 dat missed ya nite 
Still can not get the head the boy I knew yesterday! 
@LouDogOG awh how sad  btw, this weather sucks.. yesterday was perfect.
@ilyy you shouldn't have left so early yesterday then... 
Missing people I like even though I only saw them yesterday 
@cornpussy the lil packets??...they did i had it yesterday and i wasnt there!! 
wtf is going on with my safari?? it was working fine yesterday 
@amara_m ack, I meant to start that yesterday I'm sorry 
@ozdj same as wotnews - wotnews has been like that since about 11.49am yesterday 
Aw, I missed #squarespace yesterday because I was so busy. 
got second shot in the knee yesterday they are not working! 
I had a cold yesterday but went out anyway to socialize ..now I have the flu and it's no fun! 
@dda i'm not  sicker today than yesterday
AHHHHHH :@ used my bandwidth again. Shouldn't have saw all the nigahiga videos yesterday 
Ugh yesterday I got 4 shots. I'm sore all over 
@ebassman I didnt get to meet you yesterday 
missing my sister, she left yesterday 
@aussiemcflyfan we used to have one, then dad gave it away  but we got another one yesterday haha
@NiCeLOOkNeF the hunnie that be takin Me home is now my baby I spent all day yesterday wit him but he went O.T lastnight 
Having fever  38.3. argh! didn't get to sleep yesterday.
@fnatickboy oof, judging by yesterday's reports I'd rather be watching the f1. Hopefully the lads aren't kept waiting today as well 
A bit hung over... didn't had that much yesterday... 
Recovering from yesterday. Legs are dead 
good night yesterday. wished the neighbours children didn't wake me up so early though 
yesterday i ruined my friend's surprise to me 
@hideyrchildren awww its ok! i cried yesterday too. gah i wish i could go to july 4 
I have to leave my house tomorrow , my contract ended yesterday 
M&amp;d's was bloody brilliant yesterday! I'm shatted now though  but it was definitly worth it.
Soothing thumb after it was vigerously bit yesterday by my mate and bruised badly 
@mxbx you didn't like the pic I sent you yesterday? 
getting ready to leave...  and surfing totally beat me up yesterday. The bruises I've acquired are pretty 'gnarley'.
Apparently 7 people were killed in a helicopter crash not far from me yesterday 
recovering from consuming copious amounts of beer yesterday 
@pricharm aw man, was this yesterday? i would have come if i'd seen this  how was it?
Today will be boring compared to yesterday 
I want to go shopping but i just went yesterday! 
@heyheyrenae We could have went yesterday. 
@kirsssty awwww, i was supposed to go and see for my job yesterday but i was soo tired  so going tomorroa i think xx
Actually, I hate bikinis! I wore my other one yesterday 
@rebzondaroad you were supposed to call me back yesterday 
i was super bold walking up to every booth yesterday except the two that i really cared about.  i chickened out 
@JanaVerdes This totally happened to me yesterday! .. it's the worst 
i want yesterday backkk 
I really wish i could have hung out with him yesterday.... I really miss him 
yesterday was fun w/ a major exception, somethings are blurr to me, but i would like NOT to remember anything at all,  jhdfjdskflsdjfl
I wanted to go to the fight yesterday but I had to work 
YAY i just noticed  have sunburn from yesterday can this get any worse 
I missed my 365 yesterday. 
Going back to work on the paper that was due yesterday...  
I feel slightly ill right now I haven't ate since yesterday 
@JCapez (scratches head) unless u have flew out of ny since yesterday there is no summer 
just told my dad about the gate debacle yesterday and he laughed in my face. ouch. ha, it was funny, but it bloody hurt 
yesterday i could not speak with pete wentz!!! fuck !! i want to die!! 
My legs hurt from running yesterday 
had a great photoshoot yesterday! but still feels sick...  
@_stephhh_ did david not do waiting for yesterday and my hands tonight? 
I slept almost all day yesterday porque I have the flu. 
@onlyaman I had major problems getting to work yesterday as well   I still somehow swiped in two minutes early. Haha. #squarespace
So, sometime yesterday my green overlay for my avitar disapeared...don't know where its at! It didn't even leave a note!  lol
I didn't end up going to the gym yesterday.. cause my new allgery medicin made me sleepy. 
@justinbieber i just got yelled at again  i got yelled at yesterday too.
@pinkalici0us I was at your house yesterday, and you couldn't even come out and say hello ? 
I feel ten times worse than I did yesterday 
sent off my family yesterday... back to reality now.. 
's car got broken into yesterday. 
i feel even worse than yesterday ... 
@EssenceATL you didn't talk to me at all yesterday...and that makes me sad 
Note to all designer/developers - do not try to work when you are under the weather  2 major mistakes yesterday bk 2 sqr 1 
@nicnacs2955 oh gosh, I so know the feeling. I managed to bake at least 50 cookies yesterday and now I don't know what to do with them. 
@isuedu  but at least you're alive! I'm trying not to lose it because I haven't heard from him since yesterday morning.
@AdamBloomMusic we were just listening to george's greatest hits yesterday...can't believe I didn't think of that one 
Tired as helllllllll and I forgot to #squarespace yesterday 
@docoweb I'm still waiting for them to disappear from yesterday. 
I'm sorry ladies, i couldn't manage to log in yesterday evening to 394. I had no internet, and got very frustrated. 
@BunnyMandala i tried to check it out yesterday, but the damned site wouldnt open 
I regret rejected his offer yesterday 
@gandhineha this is the same as yesterday 
CMS made simple new release: 1.6 http://tinyurl.com/m7srmg  ! I just instaled a 1.5.4 yesterday evening 
@DaangMel you kicked me for no reason yesterday then you wanted to ban me 
@KillzoneDotCom - I keep getting d/c error 5021. I am not using a headset... only started happening yesterday. Any hints please? 
i should have really worn suncream yesterday 
I hope today is better than yesterday - felt really really really spaced out in the afternoon. I hate antibiotics 
@andyclemmensen  i wish i was there  did @bradiewebbstack make the calls yesterday?
@andrewleeeeeeee omg, i totally forgot to ask you what st. jean baptiste day was yesterday... sorry, i am SUCH a dweebster 
almost feel like cancelling my trip to wimbledon because sharapova lost yesterday 
@SammiiSTACK immaa dead  worst then yesterday but i have to go tomorrow, stupid pass 
@Xemnas got any beta codes left? I've been looking all day yesterday and i got scam 5c  so if you have a code can i have one?
I will die... mybe not, but mybe... ohh, why? because yesterday I had 4 ticks 
Where are my messages from yesterday? 
@kellzallday so my final yesterday, didn't go so well...lol, 150 questions, and i had a B going into it, but I pray that i got 75 right 
There was a duck family outside with 4 little fluffy ducklings. Yesterday I saw the mommy with only 1 duckling left 
Not really getting moving any earlier this morning than yesterday 
woke up today feeling tired...but fat boy slim yesterday was awesome! now getting ready to go to class 
@andysmudger cause I had my first physio session yesterday and it hurts 
@RobinSteelxxx i didn't get to stay yesterday 
off to dentist appointment due to broken in half tooth yesterday 
@luanemic We were there yesterday 
@ehrenc ouch you hurt my feelings! but I really had no energy to talk yesterday 
I didn't rly speak to alisa yesterday 
i never took my nap yesterday. 
@BritMichele89 you scared me yesterday, SERIOUSLY 
bored...bad day yesterday...wana go swimming but i cant...  
omg i got sunburnt on my face again when doing sports day, yesterday. not gd 
I pulled a muscle in my side yesterday. And it really hurts. 
it's hotter than yesterday! It's all our fault. 
ewwwwwwwww bugs! they are sooo gross! and i'm going to see transformers! whooo! i was going to see it yesterday, but it was sold out!! 
@nikhilnarayanan saw the tvc yesterday.. worked for me 
amidst all these recession talks, my friend told me yesterday that she got a pay hike  it sure is a nice to hear that.
@swirlyarts Thanks for featuring me on Cuteable yesterday 
Moin'. Yesterday got the keys to the new apartment. 
still listening to some great music I got yesterday. amber pacific is awesome!! 
@mivillephoto It disappeared yesterday-so I uploaded a new one 
do you like my new pic? i took it yesterday 
http://twitpic.com/2y8on - Yesterday an easy 40k ride after work, with a good friend of mine!...losing some weight finally 
@clintonjeff Watched that yesterday, loved it, I can't wait to get mine 
The plan was to go to mamitas beach at #playadelcarmen. I just woke up. Yesterday I got drunk (8) tequila tequila (8) and came back @ 4am 
@jmo23 got it @adbert must have seen yesterday's meal 
@CierraxxBell I saw it yesterday, i loved it 
yesterday was so crazyy hahah 
great day  almost topped yesterday! almost  i have a new appreciation for the beach &lt;3
@starsparkle thanks for your recommendation yesterday 
@shaundiviney i saw that poster yesterday  it looks good there
@syedqasimuddin hey tweetheart...how goes it?  didnt hear from u yesterday,thought i'd say wassup 
looks that day will be busy and full with works to do  Yesterday the party was tooo.. crazy, but it`s good that everybody is alive.
with loui  sounds like yesterday was fun...
@philipyeoh Yes indeed, that 2.5.1 was sooo yesterday!  
@LostinSplendor 4:30 is cool! I bought what I was going to yesterday, so we'll just have to find something else to do! 
after talking with @vintageortacky and @mizzchievouz yesterday about partner I think I didn't get it due to music...easy fix right?! 
chalk flood was great yesterday!  
@buckhollywood Hilarious, isn't it?!  I couldn't stop laughing when I read that yesterday.
@sh1crosscountry no i saw both movies yesterday 
so happy i won the hot bikini contest yesterday! 
@dannynic That shouting at the tv yesterday wouldn't have helped 
@RawrStar well I won the 50 dollar 6 handed tourney yesterday so it's all good. 
is still thinking about yesterday... 
@sswayze TY for the wonderful quotes yesterday (and always great info!) 
I wasn't able to make the Clatch yesterday. When/where is the next meet? 
@kikizako56 aww i just saw your replyyyyy from yesterday... haha i love you toooo  xxx
@mistabaka i had no idea until yesterday 
Reading about the new auction site on TIB. Yesterday I was &quot;?!$%!&quot; but after sleeping over it and thinking - i guess i will like it 
went to queensgate yesterday 
is wondering if I'll get my blackberry working with emails today???!!  I had no luck yesterday!
@getfunked  I visited your shop yesterday &amp; I'm looking forward to my reading 
@Rocmoney thanks for the #followfriday yesterday!! 
@englishchick hey thanks for the rt yesterday about #lovebox launching!  u can follow us @loveboxuk too but do check out the site too!
@Blogussion Congrats dude! Yesterday I reached the '500 comments' milestone on my blog 
yesterday was awesome  and stressing for the exams
@electrikk richarddddd you get us wine for tonight too, dad gave me a tenna yesterday 
@edadoun We've started walking every day, actually. Yesterday we walked for 1.5 hour! 
@JuanEdmundo hahaha  so i hope you watched it yesterday!!
Condition improving - daily rides are working  Yesterday's ride: 23.5km, 52'56&quot;, avg 151bpm
@toritos he's pretty good at skulls. and i talked to him yesterday and he mentioned the convention 
Lol. Yesterday was four months 
@LucasCruikshank i bought a fred shirt yesterday 
We had a tornado warning yesterday!! Sirens went off....now THAT'S what I call a welcome!! 
@rachaelpachel yeah it was a great day in van yesterday 
@smokedrinkdrive you! *tackles* i think i did that yesterday but i don't care, i'm doing it again! 
@faraah  lol, I did this yestrday looooooool 
@KBHgal im watching grease 2...the original was on earlier and yesterday 
Just got back from shopping  I went down to hamy yesterday. I am really really excited for my cousins wedding now XD
yesterday turned out better than i thought , i need 2 go 2 the pub with teenagers more often  &amp; no i didnt shag any of em !
just woke up...bought yesterday new shoes  green the colour of hope
@mareenshere Yesterday 
@CharlesTilley worked, yesterday, then pub, tonight supposed to be going Chambers park lol and tomora going butterfly farm  hows u?
@mojoguzzi I was drinking cognac yesterday afternoon, actually. And yes - for medicinal purposes  Must do so again I think
@carole29 I actually watched that yesterday 
@Ocalawriter I rested most of last week to save all my energy for yesterday. 
@nathanreid Just talked to him yesterday 
@russmarshalek So glad we did brunch yesterday when it was so sunny and beautiful out! 
saw kings of leon at jazzfest yesterday! it was awesome 
@mellowxkel yesterday was too much.....too much fun 
@ItsMeElsaa I was just angry over nothing yesterday, I'm all good now. Thanks for asking! 
@adamtylerx yesss  it was awesome meeting u yesterday
Yesterday I painted like crazy..! 
@ajdyka at least portable enough for me to have carried it from the store back to UTS, just got mine yesterday 
had a great shot yesterday, editing pics now 
didn't twitter much yesterday.apologizes for not responding,goodnight 
3oh!3 on the radio  they were amazing yesterday.
@LCLaurenConrad the new series of the hills was on yesterday in uk , it was amazing! you looked really pretty on your birthday too. 
@disavian: saw it yesterday. Pretty good. 
I slept at 2am yesterday 
@CARAciao haha :S i started yesterday my dad helped me so much!!! 
@brookenparsons not nerdy at all. I made one yesterday. 
@theaaronross ..wait I meant I gave you my number yesterday, my bad. 
i feel worse than yesterday but i can actually walk without feeling dizzy 
@corkyloowho she's much better than yesterday. i am leaving in a few to visit her in the hospital 
@DrRus  awesome  I was on the phone with @thefatboys i guess yesterday now lol
@RobPattinson happybithday for yesterday, rob.  it was mine too 
@ChownTown when i get a chance i'll take some pics.  There was actually some shorts on yesterday 
@ChildPerson I'm going to take a look this afternoon for some ideas. I was too sick yesterday 
@Lsangre will I see u there? I just spontaneously booked a flight yesterday eeek 
@mysticmodified Yesterday afternoon. It's very nice. 
@chriscardell Just flicked C4 on, not loaded hills account yet though, most winners yesterday 12/1+ to hard 
I'm very sore from yoga yesterday...but going to the studio was awesome....now to get ready for today! 
Today was soooo much better than yesterday 
My boss was giving me shit yesterday about never coming to work inebriated.  He said I was &quot;fucking boring&quot;.  
is going to bed, knowing that @Gailporter will wake up with more hair than yesterday... 
loving yesterday 
i was texting you off it yesterday morning haha 
I've listened to sway sway baby 4 times since I've left sydney,it makes me happy thinking about yesterday 
@the_doktor I know exactly how you feel - spent most of yesterday writing, fuzzy had to wait! 
thank you for what u said yesterday and i really appreciate it 
http://twitpic.com/5crhw - i love the glasses. bought them yesterday 
@bradiewebbstack thanks for yesterday, it was the best ever, im nat infront of your drums bahaha 
watching concert videos from yesterday 
Basking in the glory of a fantastic run yesterday 
Mates' wedding was really nice yesterday 
@MoiraReid is making me write today.  *sigh* Although, it worked pretty well for me yesterday. 
saw reemer yesterday thought they were amazing forever wednesday really good aswell 
still have jaw on floor after yesterday 
Zomg. The cheesecake i made yesterday is completely orgasmic  yummmmmmmm
Waking up; Yesterday was the best couldnt ask for different friends 
internet wasn't working yesterday, sorry you missed out on some great tweetpertunities. 
prom was awsome yesterday...... after prom was amazing  going to the beach today.
this adorable onsie was given to us yesterday as a baby gift yesterday  so cute! http://bit.ly/17vWEu
@lilsuelaine i need your number. and i hope you had fun yesterday. 
Uppa won yesterday!!! We had to sell our display but Uppa should be coming in soon 
@ccjoonas its truee xD &amp;yyuup  i bought 'em yesterday as i said so xD
I think yesterday may have even exceeded my expectations 
@Ilovefalloutboy thanks  i did it yesterday
I'm off to relax and enjoy the gardens I got done yesterday. 
@braunflakes I went swimming yesterday 
@beccccca yay  how did everything go yesterday?
you are so yesterday 
http://twitpic.com/5ezza - I took this yesterday! 
Second, I was sick yesterday so I took my rest. 
staying in the hammock yesterday was a good decision. not putting it in the shade was a bad decision. I can easily blend in with lobsters 
up and still very tired from yesterday, hopefully seeing my pony again today which would make me stupidly happy 
christopher woke up without fever and much more chipper than he was yesterday. 
@tsuki_88 I watched it yesterday night 
@chrisaffair  you guys did soo good yesterday ! loveeyouuu&lt;3
In a pretty good mood after finishing as champion in open equitation yesterday 
@cosleia thank you - it is starting out pretty good. It will be tough, but should be better then yesterday. 
repeat of yesterday... 
yesterday is a history but tomorrow is a future. 
@purplehippie cause i talked to blake yesterday 
Still charged from yesterday's amazingness 
I'm up. Yesterday was wonderful....the best anniversary.  
I'm a little sore from my run yesterday but pleased with myself for keeping it up 
@modeknit I think he was hanging off my screen yesterday. We keep the same company. 
@iammandurr laugh it off let it go and when you wake up it will seem so yesterday so yesterday haven't you heard that I'm gonna be ok 
@danzodanzo argh ghost whisperer  did you watch it yesterday? 
@derRuedi am not judging hehe...ur the one who said it yesterday 
Almost forgot  Yesterday evening I saw a sexy chick wearing a dress with the note 'Save the future' and so I wonder how exactly?! 
@Angieewahh u found it yet? He told me yesterday morning 
back from amy  yesterday was amazing.
yesterday.. me and carlijn!  - http://mobypicture.com/?31c00t
@manimeow We thrashed these fnl ads yesterday in #adfail! 
Yesterday was great.  now enjoy the free daaays yay.
@worshipcentral Your podcasts are awesome! I was listening to some of them yesterday!  Your showdowns are halarious! 
@gulasahi it was catching up yesterday hun. i can't believe you lost 1.3 kilos in just 5 days! well done 
Just woke up, yesterday was amazing! 
#followfriday @IndyCSz you rock! It was great seeing you yesterday. 
just sold all his stocks yesterday and made an overall of 30% gain 
yesterday was awesome 
@nupoet good to be here.  beach yesterday, ny tonight.  I could get used to this 
Is still happy about the victory yesterday!   
@deversum The sushi I had yesterday was so yummy, I think I'm gonna have it again today! 
now i feel better than yesterday  thankyou my bestF! 
The client is happy with the headshots from yesterday, so that makes me happy! 
@musiclove18 when I typed tomorrow I meant yesterday lol sorry 
started p90x yesterday....very, very light though...taking it slow, we'll see. 
gardeners car broke down yesterday so hopefully she will be able to get started today 
@taylorswift13 and just yesterday you were telling us to run!! 
vincent was just singing yesterday- leona lewis on the phone to me  preeetty bad x)
@rotheche kinda helpful for those of us that can't remember what happened yesterday. 
thankss, 8days since yesterday   iye ada haha @putrisianipar
@jodiem oooo i havent seen the frunk tweets from yesterday! will check the out 
finish the pending jobs from yesterday.. 
